.TH ClusterTools2 7 "12 Aug 2014" "" "ClusterTools2"
.\"
.SH NAME
ClusterTools2 \- Tools for setting up and managing pacemaker HA clusters
.\"
.SH DESCRIPTION
The \fBClusterTools2\fP package provides tools for setting up and managing pacemaker HA clusters. 
The tools are aimed to make tasks easy around the pacemaker HA cluster manager and the Linux
storage stack.

Main command for managing a running cluster is \fBClusterService\fP. This ASCII-terminal based
menu system allows to perform common administrative tasks. It can be used instead of crm_gui or
Hawk if no webservice and no X desktop is available.

Tools like \fBcs_list_failcounts\fP and \fBcs_show_cluster_transistion\fP help to analyse the
cluster behaviour. A set of tools based on \fBwow\fP allows to make configuration of clusters
reproduceable and efficiant.

Currently the tools are mainly used to setup and manage high-availability cluster for following 
workloads:

- SAP application servers, SAP central instances, SAP database servers

- XEN virtual machine hosts

- Novell eDirectory servers

- NFS file servers

- Apache web servers, LAMP servers

- MySQL, PostgreSQL, DB2, Oracle database servers
.\"
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
# wow cc --config edir01.wow 01-A-07-group_add_ndsd
add configuration for a resource of type Novell eDirectory to the cluster. 
Use configuration agent 01-A-07-group_add_ndsd.
Read information about the resource from file edir01.wow .
.TP
# cs_precheck_for_sap --all sap_C11.wow >precheck-sap_C11-$HOST
check for allmost all pre-requistes that are needed to set up an HA cluster for SAP instance C11. 
Read information about the needed resources from file sap_C11.wow . Write output into file precheck-sap_C11-<hostname>. 
.TP
# ClusterService
start ASCII-terminal based menu to perform administrative tasks on a running cluster.
# make_hb_backup
start cluster configuration backup tool
.\"
.SH FILES
.TP
/etc/ClusterTools2/
	configuration files.
.TP
/usr/lib/ClusterTools2/
	ClusterTools2 components in general.
.TP
/usr/lib/ClusterTools2/agents/
	wow configuration agents for pacemaker.
.TP
/usr/lib/ClusterTools2/scripts/
	wow configuration scripts for pacemaker.
.TP
/usr/share/ClusterTools2/*.rsc
	menue engine resource files.
.TP
/usr/share/ClusterTools2/cli/
	wow configuration templates for pacemaker.
.TP
/usr/share/ClusterTools2/samples/
	samples of config files and scripts.
.\"
.SH BUGS
Feedback is welcome, please use the project page at
.br
https://build.opensuse.org/package/show?package=ClusterTools2&project=home%3Afmherschel
.\"
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBwow\fP(8), \fBmake_hb_backup\fP(8), \fBcs_precheck_for_sap\fP(8), \fBClusterService\fP(8),
\fBcs_list_failcounts\fP(8), \fBcs_show_cluster_transition\fP(8), \fBcs_clusterstate\fP(8),
\fBcs_reset_failcounts\fP(8), \fBcs_show_scores\fP(8), \fBcs_delcib\fP(8),
\fBcs_show_error_patterns\fP(8), \fBcs_show_supportconfig\fP(8), \fBmenueng2\fP(8),
\fBmenueng2\fP(5).
.br
http://www.novell.com/documentation/sle_ha/ , http://clusterlabs.org/wiki/Main_Page
.\"
.SH AUTHORS
M.Guertler, F.Herschel, L.Pinne
.br
ClusterTools2 comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY.
.br
For details see the GNU General Public License at
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html
.\"
