.TH cs_make_corosync_conf 8 "28 Nov 2013" "" "ClusterTools2"
.\"
.SH NAME
cs_make_corosync_conf \- make simple corosync configuration from template 
.\"
.SH SYNOPSIS
.P
.B cs_make_corosync_config \fI<MEMBERNAM1_0> <MEMBERNAM2_0> \fR[\fI<RINGIF_0> <MCASTPORT> \fR[\fI<SECAUTH> \fR[\fI<RRPMODE> \fR[\fI<TEMPLATE> \fR]]]]
.P
.B cs_make_corosync_config --default \fI<MEMBERS_0>\fR
.P
.B cs_make_corosync_config --DEFAULT \fI<MEMBERS_0> <MEMBERS_1>\fR
.P
.B cs_make_corosync_config \fIOPTION\fR
.\"
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBcs_make_corosync_conf\fP generates a simple corosync configuration file from a template.
.br
.\"
.SH OPTIONS
.HP
\fB --help\fR
	show help.
.HP
\fB --version\fR
	show version.
.HP
\fB --default\fR
	make default configuration, one ring. Only a hostname pattern that matches both cluster nodes is needed as argument. All other options are built-in defaults. Since name servers do not resolve wildcards, only local name resolution is used.
.HP
\fB --DEFAULT\fR
	make default configuration, two rings. For each ring, only a hostname pattern that matches both cluster nodes is needed as arguments. All other options are built-in defaults. Since DNS servers do not resolve wildcards, only local name resolution is used.
The two rings have to be in separate sub-networks.
.\"
.SH TEMPLATE FILE SYNTAX
Basically a template file looks like any corosync.conf file. Only difference is that certain parameters are replaced by placeholders. Currently the following placeholders are recognized:
.br
@@SECAUTH@@
.br
@@THREADS@@
.br
@@RRPMODE@@
.br
@@BINDNETADDR_0@@
.br
@@BINDNETADDR_1@@
.br
@@MCASTPORT_0@@
.br
@@MCASTPORT_1@@
.br
@@MEMBERADDR1_0@@
.br
@@MEMBERADDR1_1@@
.br
@@MEMBERADDR2_0@@
.br
@@MEMBERADDR2_1@@
.\"
.SH EXAMPLES
.br
.TP
* Make default configuration for two-node cluster with nodes "nodep" and "nodeq", two cluster links (rings), using built-in defaults.
.br
# cs_make_corosync_conf --DEFAULT node[pq]$ node[pq]-r$
.TP
* Make configuration for "nodep" and "nodeq", one cluster link on bond0, port 5544, using secauth, take other settings from named template file. 
.br
# cs_make_corosync_conf nodep nodeq bond0 5544 on /etc/corosync/corosync.conf.tmpl
.TP
The corresponding template file contains the following section, instead of the real parameter lines:
.br
threads:        @@THREADS@@
.br
secauth:        @@SECAUTH@@
.br
rrp_mode:        @@RRPMODE@@
.br
interface {
.br
ringnumber:     0
.br
bindnetaddr:    @@BINDNETADDR_0@@
.br
mcastport:      @@MCASTPORT_0@@
.br
member {
.br
memberaddr: @@MEMBERADDR1_0@@
.br
}
.br
member {
.br
memberaddr: @@MEMBERADDR2_0@@
.br
}
.\"
.SH EXIT STATUS
.B 0
Successful program execution.
.br
.B >0 
Usage, syntax or execution errors.
.br
.B 11
template not readable.
.br
.B 12x
template has wrong ring number, missing keyword, or other error.
.br
.B 24
/etc/hosts not readable.
.br
.B 25
member address not found.
.\"
.SH FILES
.TP
/usr/sbin/cs_make_corosync_conf
	the program itself.
.TP
/etc/ClusterTools2/cs_make_corosync_conf
	the program's configuration.
.TP
/etc/corosync/corosync.conf
	the corosync configuration to be written.
.TP
/etc/corosync/corosync.conf.tmpl
	the default corosync configuration template.
.TP
/etc/hosts
	the local hostname resolution table.
.\"
.SH BUGS
Only Unicast is supported.
Feedback is welcome, please use the project page at
.br
https://build.opensuse.org/package/show?package=ClusterTools2&project=home%3Afmherschel
.\"
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBcorosync.conf\fP(5), \fBcorosync\fP(8), \fBClusterTools2\fP(7)
.\"
.\"
.SH COPYRIGHT
(c) 2011-2013 L.Pinne, Germany.
.br
cs_make_corosync_conf comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY.
.br
For details see the GNU General Public License at
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html
.\"
