.TH grep_supportconfig 8 "25 Aug 2011" "" "ClusterTools2"
.\"
.SH NAME
grep_supportconfig \- collect information from supportconfig files
.\"
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B grep_supportconfig \fIOPTION\fR
.br
.B grep_supportconfig --generic \fIDIR\fR
.br
.B grep_supportconfig --function \fIDIR\fR \fIFUNC\fR
.\"
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBgrep_supportconfig\fP collects information from supportconfig files.
The supportconfig archive has to be extracted.
.br
.\"
.SH OPTIONS
.HP
\fB --help\fR
        show help.
.HP
\fB --version\fR
        show version.
.HP
\fB --listfunc\fR
        show available functions.
.HP
\fB --generic\fR
        call all generic functions.
.HP
\fB --function\fR
        call all given functions.
.\"
.SH EXIT STATUS
.B 0
Successful program execution.
.br
.B >0 
Usage, syntax or execution errors.
.\"
.SH FILES
.TP
/usr/sbin/grep_supportconfig
	the program itself.
.TP
/etc/ClusterTools2/grep_supportconfig
	the configuration.
.TP
/etc/ClusterTools2/grep_error_patterns
	the default error patterns.
.\"
.SH BUGS
The error summary depends on supportconfig's messages.txt file which contains
only a short trunc of the real messages file.
Feedback is welcome, please use the project page at
.br
http://ClusterTools.sourceforge.net
.\"
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBsupportconfig\fP(8), \fBgrep_error_patterns\fP(8), \fBClusterTools2\fP(7)
.\"
.\"
.SH COPYRIGHT
(c) 2011 L.Pinne, Germany.
.br
grep_supportconfig comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY.
.br
For details see the GNU General Public License at
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html
.\"
