.TH lsoflog 8 "14 Oct 2011" "" "ClusterTools2"
.\"
.SH NAME
lsoflog \- log the open file list with timestamp
.\"
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B lsoflog \fI[[[ logfile ] pathlist ] timeout ]\fR
.\"
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBlsoflog\fP logs the open file list with timestamp.
Basically the script puts the output of "date +%F %T" in front of each line for the output of "lsof -n -P -X -w -S 42 +fg +x +D ...". 

Default path list is
"+D/opt/oracle +D/ora +D/oracle +D/db2 +D/sdb"
A proper path list keeps the logfile reasonably small. 
.\"
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
To run lsoflog every 10 minutes, the crontab entry could look like this:
.br
-02-57/10 * * * * root /usr/sbin/lsoflog /var/log/lsof.log
.TP
To rotate and compress the log from time to time, the logrotate entry could look like this:
.br
/var/log/lsof.log {
    compress
    dateext
    maxage 365
    rotate 99
    size +20M
    notifempty
    missingok
    copytruncate
.br
}
.TP
To find all IO to /ora/data that was not done with O_DIRECT just do:
.br
awk '$11=="/ora/data" && $8 !~/DIR/ {print $1,$2,$3,$8,$11}' /var/log/lsof.log
.br
.\" #lsof -b +fg -d "^/var/,^/tmp/,^/dev/,^/root/,^/opt/"  2>/dev/null |\
.\" awk '($3=="root" && $6 !~/AIO/)||($3=="root" && $6 !~/DIR/){print $1,$3,$6,$10}' |\
.\"  sort -u
.\"
.SH EXIT STATUS
.B 0
Successful program execution.
.br
.B >0 
Usage, syntax or execution errors.
.\"
.SH FILES
.TP
/usr/sbin/lsoflog
	the script itself.
.TP
/var/log/lsof.log
	the default logfile.
.TP
/etc/cron.d/ClusterTools2
	the cron entry.
.TP
/etc/logrotate.d/ClusterTools2
	the logrotate entry.
.\"
.SH BUGS
Feedback is welcome, please use the project page at
.br
https://build.opensuse.org/package/show?package=ClusterTools2&project=home%3Afmherschel
.\"
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBlsof\fP(1), \fBcrontab\fP(5), \fBlogrotate\fP(8), \fBClusterTools2\fP(7)
.\"
.\"
.SH COPYRIGHT
(c) 2011 L.Pinne, Germany.
.br
lsoflog comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY.
.br
For details see the GNU General Public License at
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html
.\"
