.TH make_corosync_conf 8 "08 July 2011" "" "ClusterTools2"
.\"
.SH NAME
make_corosync_conf \- make simple corosync configuration from template 
.\"
.SH SYNOPSIS
.P
.B make_corosync_config \fI<MEMBERNAM1_0> <MEMBERNAM2_0> \fR[\fI<RINGIF_0> <MCASTPORT> \fR[\fI<SECAUTH> \fR[\fI<RRPMODE> \fR[\fI<TEMPLATE> \fR]]]]
.P
.B make_corosync_config --default \fI<MEMBERS>\fR
.P
.B make_corosync_config \fIOPTION\fR
.\"
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBmake_corosync_conf\fP generates a simple corosync configuration file from a template.
.br
.\"
.SH OPTIONS
.HP
\fB --help\fR
	show help.
.HP
\fB --version\fR
	show version.
.HP
\fB --default\fR
	make default configuration. Only a hostname pattern that matches both cluster nodes is needed as argument. All other options are built-in defaults.
.\"
.SH TEMPLATE FILE SYNTAX
Basically a template file looks like any corosync.conf file. Only difference is that certain parameters are replaced by placeholders. Currently the following placeholders are recognized:
.br
@@SECAUTH@@
.br
@@THREADS@@
.br
@@RRPMODE@@
.br
@@BINDNETADDR_0@@
.br
@@MCASTPORT_0@@
.br
@@MEMBERADDR1_0@@
.br
@@MEMBERADDR2_0@@
.\"
.SH EXAMPLES
.br
.TP
* Make default configuration for two-node cluster with nodes "nodep" and "nodeq"  , using built-in defaults
.br
# make_corosync_conf --default node[pq]$
.TP
* Make configuration for "nodep" and "nodeq", cluster link on bond0, port 5544, using secauth, take other settings from named template file. 
.br
# make_corosync_conf nodep nodeq bond0 5544 on /etc/corosync/corosync.conf.tmpl
.TP
The corresponding template file contains the following section, instead of the real parameter lines:
.br
threads:        @@THREADS@@
.br
secauth:        @@SECAUTH@@
.br
rrp_mode:        @@RRPMODE@@
.br
interface {
.br
ringnumber:     0
.br
bindnetaddr:    @@BINDNETADDR_0@@
.br
mcastport:      @@MCASTPORT_0@@
.br
member {
.br
memberaddr: @@MEMBERADDR1_0@@
.br
}
.br
member {
.br
memberaddr: @@MEMBERADDR2_0@@
.br
}
.\"
.SH EXIT STATUS
.B 0
Successful program execution.
.br
.B >0 
Usage, syntax or execution errors.
.\"
.SH FILES
.TP
/usr/sbin/make_corosync_conf
	the program itself.
.TP
/etc/ClusterTools2/make_corosync_conf
	the program's configuration.
.TP
/etc/corosync/corosync.conf
	the corosync configuration to be written.
.TP
/etc/corosync/corosync.conf.tmpl
	the default corosync configuration template.
.\"
.SH BUGS
Only one TOTEM ring is configured. Only Unicast is supported.
Feedback is welcome, please use the project page at
.br
http://ClusterTools.sourceforge.net
.\"
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBcorosync.conf\fP(5), \fBcorosync\fP(8), \fBClusterTools2\fP(7)
.\"
.\"
.SH COPYRIGHT
(c) 2011 L.Pinne, Germany.
.br
make_corosync_conf comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY.
.br
For details see the GNU General Public License at
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html
.\"
