.TH menueng2 8 "10 Nov 2010" "" "ClusterTools2"
.\"
.SH NAME
menueng2 \- generate menues to support specific admin tasks 
.\"
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B menueng2
\fIOPTION\fR \fIPARAMETER\fR
.\"
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBmenueng2\fP generates menues for ASCII terminals. 

The program is a frontend to a set of tools and system utilities.
Currently the program is mainly used to setup and manage high-availability
clusters.

A menue screen is split into two sections. The upper section displays the menue
itself, containing mnemonics for the defined tasks and a short decription.
This part is defined by the chosen resource file.
The lower section contains a command prompt and an output area.
This section is used to enter the desired mnemonic and to view possible
parameters. Output is appended to the end of the screen.

Menues could be defined by writing a resource file. Predefined resource files are
f.e. Main.rsc, Help.rsc, and Wow.rsc .  
.\"
.SH OPTIONS
Global options are:
.HP
\fB --help\fR
	show usage.
.HP
\fB --rscFile\fR
	use the next parameter as name of the resource to generate a menu from.	
.\"
.SH EXIT STATUS
.B 0
Successful program execution.
.br
.B >0 
Usage, syntax or execution errors.
.\"
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
# menueng2 --rscFile /usr/share/ClusterTools2/Help.rsc
show help.
 
.\"
.SH FILES
.TP
/usr/sbin/menueng2
	the program itself.
.TP
/usr/share/ClusterTools2/*.rsc
	predefined menue resource files.
.\"
.SH BUGS
Feedback is welcome, please use the project page at
.br
https://build.opensuse.org/package/show?package=ClusterTools2&project=home%3Afmherschel
.\"
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBwow\fP(8), \fBmenueng2\fP(5)
.\"
.SH AUTHORS
Fabian Herschel
.\"
.SH COPYRIGHT
(c) 2010 Fabian Herschel, Germany.
.br
menueng2 comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY.
.br
For details see the GNU General Public License at
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html
.\"
