.TH sum_base_config 8 "12 Apr 2011" "" "ClusterTools2"
.\"
.SH NAME
sum_base_config \- calculate checksums for common configuration and system parameters 
.\"
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B sum_base_config \fI[OPTION]\fR
.\"
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBsum_base_config\fP calculates MD5 checksums for common configuration and system parameters.
By default only files and parameters are checked, that are expected to be identical on all nodes of one cluster. The output can be used to find differences between two or more cluster nodes.
Or it can be stored and re-used later to check for changes. Please call this script as root.
.br
.\"
.SH OPTIONS
.HP
\fB --help\fR
	show help.
.HP
\fB --version\fR
	show version.
.HP
\fB --files\fR
	checksum files only.
.HP
\fB --calls\fR
	checksum calls only.
.\"
.SH EXAMPLES
.br
.TP
* Write checksums for common config files of an node to a file. 
.br
# sum_base_config --files >$HOSTNAME.txt
.TP
* Find differences between nodep and nodeq. Check config files as well as common system parameters. 
# sum_base_config >nodep.txt
.br
# ssh root@nodeq sum_base_config >nodeq.txt
.br
# diff node[pq].txt
.\"
.SH EXIT STATUS
.B 0
Successful program execution.
.br
.B >0 
Usage, syntax or execution errors.
.\"
.SH FILES
.TP
/usr/sbin/sum_base_config
	the program itself.
.TP
/etc/ClusterTools2/sum_base_config
	the configuration.
.\"
.SH BUGS
The number of files is limited to the maximum number of arguments for a shell loop.
Single quotes "'" are not allowed in calls.
Time is read from hwclock, but not compared to system time.
Feedback is welcome, please use the project page at
.br
https://build.opensuse.org/package/show?package=ClusterTools2&project=home%3Afmherschel
.\"
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBmd5sum\fP(1), \fBClusterTools2\fP(7), \fBaideinit\fP(8), \fBtripwire\fP(8)
.\"
.\"
.SH COPYRIGHT
(c) 2011 L.Pinne, Germany.
.br
sum_base_config comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY.
.br
For details see the GNU General Public License at
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html
.\"
