.TH wow 8 "10 Oct 2010" "" "ClusterTools2"
.\"
.SH NAME
wow \- configure pacemaker high-availability cluster
.\"
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B wow
\fIOPTIONS\fR \fIPARAMETER\fR
.\"
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBwow\fP helps you to create linux-ha system resources.
The main option to be called is wow cc (wow config change).
The wow package countains some agents (which are used to figure out
config values) and crm-templates (which are used to create the crm-
snipsets to be inserted into the cluster).

The program is a frontend to a set of tool.
Currently the tools are mainly used to setup high-availability
clusters for following workloads:

- SAP application servers, SAP central instances, SAP database servers

- XEN virtual machine hosts

- Novell eDirectory servers

- Novell ZENworks Linux Management servers

- NFS file servers

- Apache web servers, LAMP servers

- MySQL, PostgreSQL, Oracle database servers

In addition wow could backup cluster configuration from all nodes of a cluster
within one run.
It also could check if a Linux system is prepared to become a pacemaker
based high-availability cluster for SAP instances.
.\"
.SH OPTIONS
Global options are:
.HP
\fB bk\fR
	make backup of pacemaker cluster configuration.
.HP
\fB cc\fR
	make cluster configuration change.
.HP
\fB sc\fR
	cluster check for SAP pre-requisites. The check is done according to the concepts described
in the technical guide \fISAP Applications Made High Available on SUSE Linux Enterprise Server 10\fR .
.\"
.SH EXIT STATUS
.B 0
Successful program execution.
.br
.B >0 
Usage, syntax or execution errors.
.\"
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
# wow --help
show help.
.TP
# wow cc --config edir01.wow 01-A-07-group_add_ndsd
add configuration for a resource of type Novell eDirectory to the cluster. 
Use configuration agent 01-A-07-group_add_ndsd.
Read information about the resource from file edir01.wow .
.TP
# wow sc --all sap_C11.wow >precheck-sap_C11-$HOST
check for allmost all pre-requistes that are needed to set up an HA cluster for SAP instance C11. 
Read information about the needed resources from file sap_C11.wow . Write output into file precheck-sap_C11-<hostname>.
.TP
# wow bk --autodetect
 
.\"
.SH FILES
.TP
/usr/sbin/wow
	the program itself.
.TP
/usr/lib/wow/
	wow components in general.
.TP
/usr/lib/wow/agents/
        wow configuration agents for pacemaker.
.TP
/usr/share/wow/xml/
        wow configuration templates for pacemaker.
.TP
/usr/share/doc/packages/wow/samples/
	wow config file samples.
.\"
.SH BUGS
Feedback is welcome, please use the project page at
.br
http://ClusterTools.sourceforge.net
.\"
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBwhbsaprecheck\fP(8), \fBwhbcc\fP(8), \fBmake_hb_backup\fP(8),
.br
http://www.novell.com/partners/sap/sap_on_hasi.pdf
.\"
.SH AUTHORS
Fabian Herschel
.\"
.SH COPYRIGHT
(c) 2009-2010 Fabian Herschel, Germany.
.br
wow comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY.
.br
For details see the GNU General Public License at
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html
.\"
