.TH crm_no_quorum_policy 7 "28 Jan 2013" "" "ClusterTools2"
.\"
.SH NAME
crm_no_quorum_policy \- TODO 
.\"
.SH DESCRIPTION
The \fBnoquorum_policy\fP TODO.

A cluster is said to have quorum when more than half the known or expected
nodes are online, or for the mathematically inclined, whenever the following
equation is true: total_nodes < 2 * active_nodes
Therefore a two-node cluster only has quorum when both nodes are running,
which is no longer the case for our cluster. This would normally make the
creation of a two-node cluster pointless, however it is possible to
control how Pacemaker behaves when quorum is lost. In particular, we can
tell the cluster to simply ignore quorum altogether. 
.br
Pacemaker’s default behavior is to stop all resources if the cluster does not have
quorum (no_quorum_policy = stop). 

.B no_quorum_policy = stop
.br
node wont shoot anyone when it doesn't have quorum.
cluster will stop resources and will not be able to start it's existing
resources.

.B no_quorum_policy = ignore
.br
node will shoot anyone it can't see
cluster will not be able to add and start new resources.

.B no_quorum_policy = freeze
.br
wont shoot anyone when it doesn't have quorum.
cluster will not be able to add and start new resources.

.B no_quorum_policy = suicide
.br
node will only shoot itself and any other nodes in its current partition.
it wont try to shoot the nodes it can't see.
.\"
.SH FILES
.TP
/usr/share/ClusterTools2/samples/
        samples of config files and scripts.
.\"
.SH BUGS
Feedback is welcome, please use the project page at
.br
https://build.opensuse.org/package/show?package=ClusterTools2&project=home%3Afmherschel
.\"
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBcrm\fP(8), \fBcs_prepare_crm_basics\fP(8), \fBstonith\fP(8), \fBsbd\fP(7),
\fBcrm_simulate\fP(8), \fBcorosync-cfgtool\fP(8), \fBcorosync.conf\fP(7),
\fBClusterTools2\fP(7),
.br
http://www.suse.com/documentation/sle_ha/ ,
.br
http://www.mail-archive.com/pacemaker@oss.clusterlabs.org/msg00106.html ,
.br
http://www.clusterlabs.org/doc/en-US/Pacemaker/1.1/html/Clusters_from_Scratch/ch05s03.html ,
.br
http://www.gossamer-threads.com/lists/linuxha/pacemaker/72609?do=post_view_threaded
.\"
.SH AUTHORS
The content of this manual page was mostly derived from online documentation
mentioned above.
.\"
.SH COPYRIGHT
(c) 2011-2013 SUSE Linux GmbH, Germany.
ClusterTools2 comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY.
.br
For details see the GNU General Public License at
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html
.\"
