.TH sbd 7 "16 May 2011" "" "cluster-glue"
.\"
.SH NAME
sbd \- Split Brain Detector 
.\"
.SH DESCRIPTION
.br
\fB* Data Protection\fR

The SLE HA cluster stack's highest priority is protecting the integrity
of data. This is achieved by preventing uncoordinated concurrent access
to data storage - such as mounting an ext3 file system more than once in
the cluster, but also preventing OCFS2 from being mounted if
coordination with other cluster nodes is not available. In a
well-functioning cluster, Pacemaker will detect if resources are active
beyond their concurrency limits and initiate recovery; further, its
policy engine will never exceed these limitations.

However, network partitioning or software malfunction could potentially
cause scenarios where several coordinators are elected. If this
so-called split brain scenario were allowed to unfold, data corruption
might occur. Hence, several layers of protection have been added to the
cluster stack to mitigate this.

IO fencing/STONITH is the primary component contributing to this goal,
since they ensure that, prior to storage activation, all other access is
terminated; cLVM2 exclusive activation or OCFS2 file locking support are
other mechanisms, protecting against administrative or application
faults. Combined appropriately for your setup, these can reliably
prevent split-brain scenarios from causing harm.

This chapter describes an IO fencing mechanism that leverages the
storage itself, following by a description of an additional layer of
protection to ensure exclusive storage access. These two mechanisms can
even be combined for higher levels of protection.
.\"
.P
\fB* Storage-based Fencing\fR

In scenarios where shared storage is used one can
leverage said shared storage for very reliable I/O fencing and avoidance
of split-brain scenarios.

This mechanism has been used successfully with the Novell Cluster Suite
and is also available in a similar fashion for the SLE HA 11 product
using the "external/sbd" STONITH agent.

In an environment where all nodes have access to shared storage, a small
partition is formated for use with SBD. The sbd daemon, once
configured, is brought online on each node before the rest of the
cluster stack is started, and terminated only after all other cluster
components have been shut down - ensuring that cluster resources are
never activated without SBD supervision.

The daemon automatically allocates one of the message slots on the
partition to itself, and constantly monitors it for messages to itself.
Upon receipt of a message, the daemon immediately complies with the
request, such as initiating a power-off or reboot cycle for fencing.

The daemon also constantly monitors connectivity to the storage device,
and commits suicide in case the partition becomes unreachable,
guaranteeing that it is not disconnected from fencing message. (If the
cluster data resides on the same logical unit in a different partition,
this is not an additional point of failure; the work-load would
terminate anyway if the storage connectivity was lost.)

SBD supports one, two, or three devices. This affects the operation
of SBD as follows:

.B One device

In its most simple implementation, you use one device only. (Older
versions of SBD did not support more.) This is appropriate for clusters
where all your data is on the same shared storage (with internal redundancy)
anyway; the SBD device does not introduce an additional single point of
failure then.

.B Three devices

In this most reliable configuration, SBD will only commit suicide if more
than one device is lost; hence, this configuration is resilient against
one device outages (be it due to failures or maintenance). Fencing
messages can be successfully relayed if at least two devices remain up.

This configuration is appropriate for more complex scenarios where storage
is not confined to a single array.

Host-based mirroring solutions could have one SBD per mirror leg (not
mirrored itself), and an additional tie-breaker on iSCSI. 

.B Two devices

This configuration is a trade-off, primarily aimed at environments where
host-based mirroring is used, but no third storage device is available.

SBD will not commit suicide if it loses access to one mirror leg; this
allows the cluster to continue to function even in the face of one outage.

However, SBD will not fence the other side while only one mirror leg is
available, since it does not have enough knowledge to detect an asymmetric
split of the storage. So it will not be able to automatically tolerate a
second failure while one of the storage arrays is down. (Though you
can use the appropriate crm command to acknowledge the fence manually.)
.\"
.P
\fB* Pre-Requisites\fR

The environment must have shared storage reachable by all nodes.
You must dedicate a small partition of each as the SBD device. 
This shared storage segment must not make use of host-based RAID, cLVM2,
nor DRBD.

The SBD device can be connected via Fibre Channel, Fibre Channel over
Eterhnet, or even iSCSI. Thus, an iSCSI target can become a sort-of
network-based quorum server; the advantage is that it does not require
a smart host at your third location, just block storage.

However, using storage-based RAID and multipathing is recommended for
increased reliability.
.\"
.P
\fB* SBD Partition\fR

It is recommended to create a 1MB partition at the start of the device;
in the rest of this text, this is referred to as "/dev/<SBD>" or "/dev/<SBD_n>",
please substitute your actual pathnames (ie, "/dev/sdc1") for this below.

After having made very sure that this is indeed the device you want to
use, and does not hold any data you need - as the sbd command will
overwrite it without further requests for confirmation -, initialize the
sbd device.

If your SBD device resides on a multipath group, you may need to adjust
the timeouts sbd uses, as MPIO's path down detection can cause some
latency: after the msgwait timeout, the message is assumed to have been
delivered to the node. For multipath, this should be the time required
for MPIO to detect a path failure and switch to the next path. You may
have to test this in your environment. The node will perform suicide if
it has not updated the watchdog timer fast enough; the watchdog timeout
must be shorter than the msgwait timeout - half the value is a good
estimate. This can be specified when the SBD device is initialized.
.\"
.P
\fB* Testing and Starting the SBD Daemon\fR

The sbd daemon is a critical piece of the cluster stack. It must always
be running when the cluster stack is up, or even when the rest of it has
crashed, so that it can be fenced.

The openais init script starts and stops SBD if configured; add the
following to /etc/sysconfig/sbd:

===
.br
#/etc/sysconfig/sbd
.br
SBD_DEVICE="/dev/<SBD_1>;/dev/<SBD_2>;/dev/<SBD_3>"
.br
# The next line enables the watchdog support:
.br
SBD_OPTS="-W"
.br
=== 

If the SBD device is not accessible, the daemon will fail to start and
inhibit openais startup.

Note: If the SBD device becomes inaccessible from a node, this could
cause the node to enter an infinite reboot cycle. That is technically
correct, but depending on your administrative policies, might be 
considered a nuisance. You may wish to not automatically start up
openais on boot in such cases.

Before proceeding, ensure that SBD has indeed started on all nodes
through "rcopenais restart".
Once the resource has started, your cluster is now successfully
configured for shared-storage fencing, and will utilize this method in
case a node needs to be fenced.

The command sbd
can be used to read and write the sbd device, see sbd(8) .

To complete the sbd setup, it is necessary to activate SBD as a
STONITH/fencing mechanism in the CIB.
The SBD mechanism is used instead of other fencing/stonith mechanisms;
please disable any others you might have configured before.
.\"
.P
\fB* Software Watchdog\fR

Increased protection is offered through "watchdog" support. Modern
systems support a "hardware watchdog" that has to be updated by the
software client, or else the hardware will enforce a system restart.
This protects against failures of the sbd process itself, such as
dieing, or becoming stuck on an IO error.

It is highly recommended that you set up your Linux system
to use a watchdog. Please refer to the SLES manual for this step.

This involves loading the proper watchdog driver on system boot. On HP
hardware, this is the "hpwdt" module. For systems with a Intel TCO,
"iTCO_wdt" can be used. "softdog" is the most generic driver, but it is
recommended that you use one with actual hardware integration. See
/lib/modules/.../kernel/drivers/watchdog in the kernel package for a list
of choices.

No other software must access the watchdog timer. Some hardware vendors
ship systems management software that use the watchdog for system resets
(f.e. HP ASR daemon). Such software has to be disbaled if the watchdog is
used by SBD.  

SBD can be configured in /etc/sysconfig/sbd to use the systems's watchdog.
.\"
.SH FILES
.TP
/usr/sbin/sbd
	the daemon (and control command).
.TP
/usr/lib64/stonith/plugins/external/sbd
	the STONITH plugin.
.TP
/etc/sysconfig/sbd
	the configuration file.
.TP
/etc/sysconfig/kernel
	the kernel and initrd configuration file.
.TP
/dev/<SBD>
	the SBD block device(s).
.TP
/dev/watchdog
	the watchdog device node.
.TP
/lib/modules/<kernel-version>/kernel/drivers/watchdog/
	the watchdog modules.
.\"
.SH BUGS
To report bugs for a SUSE or Novell product component, please use
 http://support.novell.com/additional/bugreport.html .
.\"
.SH SEE ALSO

\fBsbd\fP(8),
http://www.linux-ha.org/wiki/SBD_Fencing ,
http://www.mail-archive.com/pacemaker@oss.clusterlabs.org/msg03849.html ,
http://www.novell.com/documentation/sle_ha/book_sleha/?page=/documentation/sle_ha/book_sleha/data/part_config.html ,
http://www.novell.com/documentation/sle_ha/book_sleha/?page=/documentation/sle_ha/book_sleha/data/part_storage.html
.\"
.SH AUTHORS
The content of this manual page was mostly derived from online documentation
mentioned above.
.\"
.SH COPYRIGHT
(c) 2009-2011 SUSE Linux GmbH, Germany.
.br
sbd comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY.
.br
For details see the GNU General Public License at
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html
.\"
