.TH ocf_heartbeat_sfex  7 "18 Apr 2011" "" "resource-agents"
.\"
.SH NAME
sfex - Manages exclusive access to shared storage using
Shared Disk File EXclusiveness (SF-EX)
.\"
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B sfex
[start | stop | monitor | meta-data]
.\"
.SH DESCRIPTION
Resource script for SF-EX. It manages a shared storage medium exclusively .
.\"
.SH SUPPORTED PARAMETERS
.HP
.B device
Block device path that stores exclusive control data. (required, string, no default)
.HP
.B index
Location in block device where exclusive control data is stored. 1 or more is specified. Default is 1. (optional, integer, default 1)
.HP
.B collision_timeout
Waiting time when a collision of lock acquisition is detected.
Default is 1 second. (optional, integer, default 1)
.HP
.B monitor_interval
Monitor interval(sec). Default is 10 seconds (optional, integer, default 10)
.HP
.B lock_timeout
Valid term of lock(sec). Default is 20 seconds. (optional, integer, default 20)
.\"
.SH SUPPORTED ACTIONS
This resource agent supports the following actions (operations):
.HP
.B start
Starts the resource. Suggested minimum timeout: 600.
.HP
.B stop
Stops the resource. Suggested minimum timeout: 20s.
.TP
.B monitor
Performs a detailed status check. Suggested minimum timeout: 10.
Suggested interval: 10.
.HP
.B meta-data
Retrieves resource agent metadata (internal use only).
Suggested minimum timeout: 5.
.\"
.SH EXAMPLE
The following is an example configuration for a sfex resource using the
crm(8) shell:
.br
primitive example_sfex ocf:heartbeat:sfex \\
.br
params device=string \\
.br
op monitor depth="0" timeout="10" interval="10"
.\"
.SH FILES
/usr/lib/ocf/resource.d/heartbeat/sfex,
sfex_daemon,
/usr/sbin/sfex_init
.\"
.SH SEE ALSO
http://www.linux-ha.org/wiki/sfex_(resource_agent)
.\"
.SH AUTHOR
Linux-HA contributors (see the resource agent source for information
about individual authors)
.\"

