.TH MAIN 7 "10 Nov 2010" "" "ClusterTools2"
.\"
.SH NAME
MAIN \- river in Germany  
.\"
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBMAIN\fP 
(German pronunciation: [`maIn]) is a river in Germany, 524 km (329 miles) long (including the White Main, 574 km (357 mi)), and it is one of the more significant tributaries of the Rhine. The Main flows through the German states of Bavaria, Baden-Wuerttemberg (forming the border with Bavaria for some distance) and Hessen. Its watershed competes with the Danube for water; as a result, many of its boundaries are identical with those of the European Watershed. The Main begins near Kulmbach at the joining of its two headstreams, the Red Main (Roter Main) and the White Main (Weisser Main). The Red Main rises in the Frankish Alb, 50 km (30 mi) in length, and runs through Creussen and Bayreuth. The White Main rises in the mountains of the Fichtelgebirge; it is 41 km (25 mi) long. In its upper and middle section it runs in valleys of the German Highlands. In its lower section it crosses the Lower Main Lowlands (Hanau-Seligenstadt Basin and northern Upper Rhine Plain) where it discharges into the Rhine River. Major tributaries of the Main are the Regnitz, the Fraenkische Saale, the Tauber, and the Nidda.

The name derives from the Latin Moenus or Menus, and is not related to the name of the city Mainz (Latin Moguntiacum)
.\"
.SH SEE ALSO
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Main, http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mainz
.\"
.SH AUTHORS
This man page was derived from http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Main .
.br
ClusterTools2 (c) 2010 Fabian Herschel, Germany, comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY.
.br
For details see the GNU General Public License at
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html
.\"
