.TH menueng2 5 "12 Aug 2014" "" "ClusterTools2"
.\"
.SH NAME
menueng2 \- generate menues to support specific admin tasks 
.\"
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBmenueng2\fP generates menues for ASCII terminals.
The program is a frontend to a set of tools and system utilities.

Different tasks need different menues. Therefore resource files are used to define an appropriate
menue. Either predefined files could be used, or custom files could be written. Predefined resource
files are f.e. Main.rsc, Help.rsc, and Wow.rsc .  
.\"
.SH SYNTAX
The resource file contains one line per menue entry. Usually one line represents one action to
perform, one sub-menue to select, or just a line to be displayed. Each line consists of four or more
fields. Field separator is a single colon ":".  Trailing empty fields could be left off.

Each line is formed as:
.br 
.B 1st-Definition : 2nd-Menue : 3rd-Description : 4th-Command : 5th-Optional

A hash "#" as the first character of a line marks it as comment and makes it to be ignored.
.\"
.TP
.B 1st - Definition.
Definiton of a menue entry.
A mnemonic is defined by naming it in the first field. 
The given identifier is displayed in the first row of the upper section in the menue screen, and
recognised at the command prompt in the lower section.
Allowed characters are [:alnum:], only uppercase letters are used by convetion.
Default maximum length is six characters. 
Mnemonics have to be unique in a resource file.

Definition of a variable.
A variables is defined by naming the variable identifier in the first field, preceeded by the
percent sign "%", like "%variable". Allowed characters are [:alnum:]. 
Variables have to be unique in a resource file.
.\"
.TP
.B 2nd - Menue.
Name of a menue.
Standard menue is "MAIN".
Special menue is "HIDE". This make the entry not to appear in the menue screen. It is used for
variable definition and parameter expansion. 

Special use.
Third - and very special - use is the entry "width_cmd". For this entry, the value in the second
field is taken as the width of the first row in the menue screen. 
.\"
.TP
.B 3rd - Description.
Description to be displayed by the menue engine.
If the line defines a mnemonic, the description is displayed as second filed on the upper section of
the menue screen.
If the line defines a variable, the description is displayed at the prompt on the lower section.
.\"
.TP
.B 4th - Command.
Command executed by the shell.
Variables are referenced to by calling the variable identifier embraced by curly brackets "{}" and
preceeded by a percent sign "%", like "%{variable}". Variables have to be defined in the same
resource file. Undefined variables will be prompted for.
.\"
.TP
.B 5th - Optional.
Optional field. Statement executed by menue engine. 
.br
bar
	- draw a line with vertical bar. 
.br
blank
	- draw an blank line.
.br
descr
	- write description.
.br
exit
	- leave this menue. If called from a sub-menue, the parent menue is called again. 
.br
menu
	- enter the given menue.
.\"
.SH EXAMPLES
.P
.B CSERVICE:MAIN:ClusterService Menu:/usr/sbin/menueng2 --rscFile /usr/share/ClusterTools2/ClusterService.rsc
.br
	Defines a menue entry "CSERVICE" in the upper section of the menue screen. If this mnemonic
is typed at the prompt in the lower section of the screen, the associated shell command will be
executed.
.\"
.P
.B %s:HIDE:Select wow script:(cd /usr/lib/ClusterTools2/scripts; ls -1)
.br
.B WCALL:MAIN:Call wow script:bash /usr/lib/ClusterTools2/scripts/%{s} %{ww}
.br
	First the variable "%s" is defined as result of two shell commands. Second, a menue entry
"WCALL" is defined. If this mnemonic is typed at the prompt, the result of "%{s}" is used to give
hints for the command completion.

More examples could be found in in the /usr/share/ClusterTools2/*.rsc files.
.\"
.SH FILES
.TP
/usr/sbin/menueng2
	the program itself.
.TP
/usr/share/ClusterTools2/*.rsc
	predefined menue resource files.
.\"
.SH BUGS
Feedback is welcome, please use the project page at
.br
https://build.opensuse.org/package/show?package=ClusterTools2&project=home%3Afmherschel
.\"
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBwow\fP(8), \fBClusterService\fP(8), \fBmenueng2\fP(8), \fBClusterTools2\fP(7), \fBMAIN\fP(7),
http://clusterlabs.org/wiki/Hawk
.\"
.SH AUTHORS
Fabian Herschel
.\"
.SH COPYRIGHT
(c) 2010-2014 Fabian Herschel, Germany.
.br
menueng2 comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY.
.br
For details see the GNU General Public License at
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html
.\"
