.TH menueng2 5 "10 Nov 2010" "" "ClusterTools2"
.\"
.SH NAME
menueng2 \- generate menues to support specific admin tasks 
.\"
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBmenueng2\fP generates menues for ASCII terminals. 

The program is a frontend to a set of tools and system utilities.

Different tasks need differnet menues. Therefore resource files are used to define an appropriate
menue. Either predefined files could be used, or custom files could be written. Predefined resource
files are f.e. Main.rsc, Help.rsc, and Wow.rsc .  

.\"
.SH SYNTAX
The resource file contains one line per menue entry. Usually one line represents one action to
perform, one sub-menue to select, or just a line to be displayed. Each line consists of four or more
fileds. Field separator is a single colon ":".  Trailing empty fields could be left off. So, the
format of a resource file is similar to the file /etc/passwd .

A hash "#" as the first character of a line marks it as comment and makes it to be ignored.

.TP
.B 1st field - Definition.
Definiton of a mnemonic.
A mnemonic is defined by naming it in the first field. 
Mnemonics have to be unique in a resource file.

Definition of a variable.
A variables is defined by naming the variable identifier in the first field, preceeded by the
percent sign "%", like "%variable". Allowed characters are [:alnum:]. 
Variables have to be unique in a resource file.
.\"
.TP
.B 2nd field - Menue.
Name of a menu.

Standard menue is "MAIN".
Special menue is "HIDE".

.\"
.TP
.B 3rd field - Description.
Description to be displayed by the menue engine.
If the line defines a mnemonic, the description is displayed as second filed on the upper section of
the menue screen.
If the line defines a variable, the description is displayed at the prompt on the lower section.
.\"
.TP
.B 4th field - Command.
Command executed by the shell.
Variables are referenced to by calling the variable identifier embraced by curly brackets "{}" and
preceeded by a percent sign "%", like "%{variable}". Variables have to be defined in the same
resource file. Undefined variables will be prompted for.
.\"
.TP
.B 5th field - Optional.
Optional field. Statement executed by menue engine. 
bar
blank
descr
exit
menu

.\"
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
 
.\"
.SH FILES
.TP
/usr/sbin/menueng2
	the program itself.
.TP
/usr/share/ClusterTools2/*.rsc
	predefined menue resource files.
.TP
.\"
.SH BUGS
Feedback is welcome, please use the project page at
.br
http://ClusterTools.sourceforge.net
.\"
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBwow2\fP(8), \fBmenueng2\fP(8), \fBMAIN\fP(7)
.\"
.SH AUTHORS
Fabian Herschel
.\"
.SH COPYRIGHT
(c) 2010 Fabian Herschel, Germany.
.br
menueng2 comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY.
.br
For details see the GNU General Public License at
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html
.\"
