.TH ClusterTools2 7 "01 Nov 2019" "" "ClusterTools2"
.\"
.SH NAME
ClusterTools2 \- Tools for setting up and managing pacemaker HA clusters
.\"
.SH DESCRIPTION
The \fBClusterTools2\fP package provides tools for setting up and managing
pacemaker HA clusters. The tools are aimed to make tasks easy around the
pacemaker HA cluster manager and the Linux storage stack.

Main command for managing a running cluster is \fBClusterService\fP. This
ASCII-terminal based menu system allows to perform common administrative tasks.
It can be used instead of crm_gui or Hawk if no webservice and no X desktop is
available.

Tools like \fBcs_list_failcounts\fP and \fBcs_show_cluster_transistion\fP help
to analyse the cluster behaviour. A set of tools based on \fBwow\fP allows to
make configuration of clusters reproduceable and efficiant.

Currently the tools are mainly used to setup and manage high-availability
cluster for following workloads:

- SAP application servers, SAP central instances, SAP database servers

- SAP HANA System Replication automation

- XEN virtual machine hosts

- Novell eDirectory servers

- NFS file servers

- Apache web servers, LAMP servers

- MySQL, PostgreSQL, DB2, Oracle database servers
.\"
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
# wow cc --config edir01.wow 01-A-07-group_add_ndsd
add configuration for a resource of type Novell eDirectory to the cluster. 
Use configuration agent 01-A-07-group_add_ndsd.
Read information about the resource from file edir01.wow .
.TP
# cs_precheck_for_sap --all sap_C11.wow >precheck-sap_C11-$HOST
check for allmost all pre-requistes that are needed to set up an HA cluster for SAP instance C11. 
Read information about the needed resources from file sap_C11.wow . Write output into file precheck-sap_C11-<hostname>. 
.TP
# ClusterService
start ASCII-terminal based menu to perform administrative tasks on a running cluster.
.TP
# cs_sum_base_config >$HOST.cs_sum_base_config.txt
write checksums for common base config files of an node to a file. This is useful in a cluster, to check if the basic configuration is really identical on both nodes.
.TP
# cs_list_clone_files --md5sum
look for files that should not be identical, after a VM image was cloned.
.\"
.SH FILES
.TP
/etc/ClusterTools2/
	configuration files.
.TP
/usr/lib/ClusterTools2/
	ClusterTools2 components in general.
.TP
/usr/lib/ClusterTools2/agents/
	wow configuration agents for pacemaker.
.TP
/usr/lib/ClusterTools2/scripts/
	wow configuration scripts for pacemaker.
.TP
/usr/share/ClusterTools2/*.rsc
	menue engine resource files.
.TP
/usr/share/ClusterTools2/cli/
	wow configuration templates for pacemaker.
.TP
/usr/share/ClusterTools2/samples/
	samples of config files and scripts.
.\"
.SH BUGS
Tools in ClusterTools2 version 3 are tested with SLE-HA 12, SLES 12,
and SLES-for-SAP 12 only.
Some people pronounce the package's name "ClumsyTools".
.br
Feedback is welcome, please mail to feedback@suse.com
.\"
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBClusterTools2\fP(7), \fBcs_sum_base_config\fP(8),
\fBcs_show_cluster_transition\fP(8), \fBcs_clusterstate\fP(8),
\fBcs_show_scores\fP(8), \fBcs_delcib\fP(8), \fBcs_show_error_patterns\fP(8),
\fBcs_show_supportconfig\fP(8), \fBha_related_suse_tids\fP(7),
\fBha_related_acronyms\fP(7), \fBrear\fP(8),
.br
https://www.suse.com/products/highavailability/ , 
.br
https://www.suse.com/releasenotes/x86_64/SLE-HA/11-SP4/ ,
https://www.suse.com/releasenotes/x86_64/SLE-HA/12-SP1/
.br
https://www.suse.com/documentation/sle_ha/ ,
.br
https://www.suse.com/promo/sap/high-availability.html ,
.br
https://www.suse.com/support/kb/doc.php?id=7007613 ,
.br
http://clusterlabs.org/wiki/Main_Page
.\"
.SH AUTHORS
A.Briel, I.Manyugin, M.Guertler, F.Herschel, L.Pinne
.\"
.SH COPYRIGHT
(c) 2011-2018 SUSE Linux GmbH, Germany.
.br
(c) 2018-2020 SUSE Software Solutions Germany GmbH.
.br
ClusterTools2 comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY.
.br
For details see the GNU General Public License at
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html
.\"
