.TH ipmi_watchdog 7 "01 Nov 2019" "" "ClusterTools2"
.\"
.SH NAME
ipmi_watchdog \- IPMI watchdog
.\"
.SH DESCRIPTION
.br
The kernel module \fBipmi_watchdog\fP is used on systems that provide hardware
watchdog functionality through an IPMI board.
F.e. the Lenovo Integrated Management Module is such a board.
In difference to other watchdog modules, the ipmi_watchdog needs a running daemon.

.SH EXAMPLES

* prepare IPMI watchdog, 1st try

# chkconfig ipmi on

# vi /etc/sysconfig/bootloader
.br
...
.br
INITRD_MODULES="... ipmi_watchdog"

# vi /etc/modprobe.d/ipmi_watchdog
.br
options ipmi_watchdog nowayout=0 timeout=30 action=reset_power
.br
blacklist iTCO_wdt
.br
blacklist iTCO_vendor_support

# shutdown -r now


* prepare IPMI watchdog, 2nd try

# chkconfig ipmi on

# vi /etc/sysconfig/ipmi
.br
\...
.br
IPMI_WATCHDOG=yes
.br
IPMI_WATCHDOG_OPTIONS="nowayout=0 action=reset_power timeout=30"
.br
\...


* show

# rcipmi status

# ipmitool mc watchdog get 

# modinfo ipmi_watchdog

# ls -l /dev/watchdog

.\"
.SH FILES
.TP
/dev/watchdog
	the watchdog device node.
.TP
/lib/modules/<kernel-version>/kernel/drivers/char/ipmi/ipmi_watchdog.ko
	the IPMI watchdog module.
.TP
/etc/init.d/ipmi
	the IPMI service start script.
.TP
/etc/sysconfig/ipmi
	the IPMI related configuration.
.TP
/etc/modprobe.d/ipmi_watchdog
	the kernel module configuration.
.TP
/etc/sysconfig/kernel
	the related initrd configuration.

.\"
.SH BUGS
Feedback is welcome, please mail to feedback@suse.com
.\"
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBsbd\fP(8), \fBstonith_sbd\fP(7), \fBlsinitrd\fP(8),
\fBipmitool\fP(1), \fBmodinfo\fP(8),
.br
/usr/src/linux/Documentation/watchdog/watchdog-api.txt ,
.br
https://www.suse.com/documentation/sle_ha/book_sleha/data/sec_ha_storage_protect_fencing.html ,
.br
https://www.suse.com/support/kb/doc.php?id=7016880 ,
.br
https://www.suse.com/support/kb/doc.php?id=7008216 ,
.br
http://download.lenovo.com/ibmdl/pub/pc/pccbbs/thinkservers/imm_userguide.pdf ,
.br
ftp://ftp.software.ibm.com/systems/support/system_x_pdf/88y7599.pdf
.\" https://kb.vmware.com/selfservice/microsites/search.do?language=en_US&cmd=displayKC&externalId=2113568
.\"
.SH AUTHORS
S.Erdenberger, L.Pinne
.\"
.SH COPYRIGHT
(c) 2016-2017 SUSE Linux GmbH, Germany.
.br
(c) 2018-2019 SUSE LLC
.br
ipmi_watchdog comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY.
.br
For details see the GNU General Public License at
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html
.\"
