.TH cs_show_memory 8 "01 Nov 2019" "" "ClusterTools2"
.\"
.SH NAME
cs_show_memory \- show memory configuration and utilisation
.\"
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.B cs_show_memory
[\fIOPTION\fR]
.br
.\"
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBcs_show_memory\fP shows information on memory configuration and utilisation.
.\"
.SH OPTIONS
Global options are:
.HP
\fB --help\fR
	show help.
.HP
\fB --version\fR
	show version.
.HP
\fB --writecfg\fR
	show some internal variables.
.HP
\fB --all\fR
	show memory configuration and utilisation.
.HP
\fB --logs\fR
	show memory related log messages.
.HP
\fB --configured\fR
	show memory configuration.
.HP
\fB --utilised\fR
	show memory utilisation.
.\"
.SH EXIT STATUS
.B 0
Successful program execution.
.br
.B >0 
Usage, syntax or execution errors.
.\"
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
* Show help.
# cs_show_memory -h
.TP
* Show infos on memory configuration.
# cs_show_memory -c
.SH FILES
.TP
/usr/sbin/cs_show_memory
        the program itself.
.TP
/etc/ClusterTools2/cs_show_memory
	the configuration.
.TP
/proc/meminfo
	basic infos on memory utilisation.
.TP
/proc/cgroups
	basic infos on cgroups settings.
.TP
/sys/devices/system/node/*/numastat
	basic infos on NUMA nodes.
.TP
/var/log/messages
	basic system log.
.\"
.SH BUGS
Formatting and content of this script's output will change, since this
script is under development.
.br
Feedback is welcome, please mail to feedback@suse.com
erschel
.\"
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBfree\fP(1), \fBnumastat\fP(8), \fBsysctl\fP(8), \fBcs_show_supportconfig\fP(8),
\fBcs_precheck_for_hana\fP(8), \fBcs_prepare_esxvm\fP(8), \fBmeminfolog\fP(8),
/usr/src/linux/Documentation/sysctl/vm.txt ,
/usr/src/linux/Documentation/sysctl/kernel.txt ,
/usr/src/linux/Documentation/sysctl/net.txt
.\" TODO TIDs
.\"
.SH COPYRIGHT
(c) 2016-2019 L.Pinne, Germany.
.br
cs_show_memory comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY.
.br
For details see the GNU General Public License at
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html
.\"
