.TH cs_show_error_patterns 8 "01 Nov 2019" "" "ClusterTools2"
.\"
.SH NAME
cs_show_error_patterns \- search log files for known error patterns
.\"
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B cs_show_error_patterns \fI[OPTION]\fR
.\"
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBcs_show_error_patterns\fP searches log files for known error patterns.  
The total number of matches for each pattern is printed.
.br
.\"
.SH OPTIONS
.HP
\fB --help\fR
        show help.
.HP
\fB --version\fR
        show version.
.HP
\fB --writecfg\fR
	show some internal variables.
.HP
\fB --zip\fR
        search compressed logs, too. This could take some time.
.\"
.SH EXIT STATUS
.B 0
Successful program execution.
.br
.B >0 
Usage, syntax or execution errors.
.\"
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
# cs_show_error_patterns | grep -v "= 0$"
search in the current log files, show only patterns that match at least one time.
.\"
.SH FILES
.TP
/usr/sbin/cs_show_error_patterns
	the program itself.
.TP
/etc/ClusterTools2/cs_show_error_patterns
	the configuration.
.TP
/var/log/
	the directory with log files.
.\"
.SH BUGS
This script depends on LC_MESSAGES respective RC_LANG set to en_US or C.
On SLES12, only a fraction of entries might be found.
.br
Feedback is welcome, please mail to feedback@suse.com
.\"
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBgrep\fP(1), \fBdmesg\fP(1), \fBsyslog\fP(8), \fBlogrotate\fP(8),
\fBmcelog\fP(8), \fBjournalctl\fP(8), \fBClusterTools2\fP(7)
.\"
.SH COPYRIGHT
(c) 2011-2019 L.Pinne, Germany.
.br
cs_show_error_patterns comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY.
.br
For details see the GNU General Public License at
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html
.\"
