.TH psauxlog 8 "24 Sep 2021" "" "ClusterTools2"
.\"
.SH NAME
psauxlog \- log the process list with timestamp
.\"
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B psauxlog \fI[ logfile ]\fR
.\"
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBpsauxlog\fP logs the process list with timestamp.
Basically the script puts the output of "date +%F %T" in front of each line for the output of "ps aux". If more data is needed, pidstat could be the right
choice.
.br
.\"
.SH EXAMPLES
.\" TODO systemd.timer example
.\".TP
.\"* Run psauxlog every 10 minutes. On recent systems the systemd timer service
.\"could look like this:
.\".br
.\"[Unit]
.\".br
.\"Description=Collect process status data
.\".br
.\"Documentation=man:psauxlog(8)
.\".br
.\"Wants=logrotate.timer syslog.service
.\".TP
.\"[Timer]
.\".br
.\"OnCalendar=
.\".br
.\"RandomizedDelaySec=9
.\".TP
.\"[Install]
.\".br
.\"WantedBy=timers.target
.TP
* Run psauxlog every 10 minutes. The crontab entry could look like this:
.br
-04-59/10 * * * * root /usr/sbin/psauxlog /var/log/psaux.log
.TP
* Rotate and compress log from time to time. The logrotate entry could look like this:
.br
/var/log/psaux.log {
    compress
    dateext
    maxage 365
    rotate 99
    size +4M
    notifempty
    missingok
    copytruncate
.br
}
.TP
* Show processes waiting on IO. Use default logfile:
.br
# awk '$10~/D/' /var/log/psaux.log
.TP
* Show zombie processes. Use default logfile:
.br
# awk '$10~/Z/' /var/log/psaux.log
.TP
* Show processes existing at a certain time, e.g. 2021-09-27 07:01. Use default logfile:
.br
# awk '$1~/2021-09-27/&&$2~/^07:01:/' /var/log/psaux.log
.TP
* Show when a certain process did exist, e.g sapstartsrv. Use default logfile:
.br
# awk '$13~/sapstartsrv/' /var/log/psaux.log
.TP
* Show processes using more than a certain CPU percentage, e.g. 100%. Use default and all compressed logfiles:
.br
# less /var/log/psaux.log* | awk '$5>100'
.TP
* Show processes of a certain user using more than a certain CPU percentage. E.g. SAP <sid>adm of SID HA1 using more than 50%. Use default and all compressed logfiles:
.br
# less /var/log/psaux.log* | awk '$3="ha1adm"&&$5>50'
.\"
.SH EXIT STATUS
.B 0
Successful program execution.
.br
.B >0 
Usage, syntax or execution errors.
.\"
.SH FILES
.TP
/usr/sbin/psauxlog
	the script itself
.TP
/var/log/psaux.log
	the default logfile
.TP
/etc/cron.d/ClusterTools2
	the cron entry
.TP
/etc/logrotate.d/ClusterTools2
	the logrotate entry
.\"
.SH BUGS
Feedback is welcome, please mail to feedback@suse.com .
.\"
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBps\fP(1), \fBpidstat\fP(1), \fBcrontab\fP(5), \fBsystemd.timer\fP(5),
\fBlogrotate\fP(8), \fBClusterTools2\fP(7), \fBClusterTools2-timer\fP(7)
.\"
.SH COPYRIGHT
(c) 2011-2021 L.Pinne, Germany.
.br
psauxlog comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY.
.br
For details see the GNU General Public License at
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html
.\"
