.TH cs_clear_sbd_devices 8 "14 Sep 2020" "" "ClusterTools2"
.\"
.SH NAME
cs_clear_sbd_devices \- clears reset message on SBD devices 
.\"
.SH SYNOPSIS
.P
.B cs_clear_sbd_devices \fI[ --help | --version ]\fR
.P
.B cs_clear_sbd_devices \fI[ --all | --local ]\fR
.P
.B cs_clear_sbd_devices --node \fINODE\fR
.\"
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBcs_clear_sbd_devices\fP clears reset message on SBD devices.
This might be neccessary once a node got fenced and should be brought back
into the cluster.
.\"
.SH OPTIONS
.HP
\fB --help\fR
	show help.
.HP
\fB --version\fR
	show version.
.HP
\fB --all\fR
	clear all reset nodes on all devices.
.HP
\fB --local\fR
	clear local node on all devices.
.HP
\fB --node\fR \fINODE\fR
	clear node \fINODE\fR on all devices.
.\"
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
* Clear all reset nodes on all SBD devices.
.br
# cs_clear_sbd_devices --all
.TP
* Clear local node ($HOSTNAME) on all SBD devices.
.br
# cs_clear_sbd_devices --local
.\"
.SH EXIT STATUS
.B 0
Successful program execution.
.br
.B >0 
Usage, syntax or execution errors.
.\"
.SH FILES
.TP
/usr/sbin/cs_clear_sbd_devices
	the program itself.
.TP
/etc/sysconfig/sbd
	the SBD configuration.
.\"
.SH BUGS
Currently only Linux hostnames are handled.
If Corosync node IDs are used on SBD, that nodes are not found.  
.br
Feedback is welcome, please use the project page at
.br
https://build.opensuse.org/package/show?package=ClusterTools2&project=home%3Afmherschel
.\"
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBcs_make_sbd_devices\fP(8), \fBcs_show_sbd_devices\fP(8),
\fBstonith_sbd\fP(7), \fBsbd\fP(8), \fBClusterTools2\fP(7),
https://www.suse.com/support/kb/doc.php?id=7016305
.\"
.\"
.SH COPYRIGHT
(c) 2020 L.Pinne, Germany.
.br
cs_clear_sbd_devices comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY.
.br
For details see the GNU General Public License at
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html
.\"
