.TH cs_list_clone_files 8 "01 Nov 2019" "" "ClusterTools2"
.\"
.SH NAME
cs_list_clone_files \- list files that should not be cloned
.\"
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B cs_list_clone_files \fI[OPTION]\fR
.\"
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBcs_list_clone_files\fP shows files that usually should not be identical,
after an VM image has been cloned.
.\"
.SH OPTIONS
.HP
\fB --help\fR
	show help.
.HP
\fB --version\fR
	show version.
.HP
\fB --writecfg\fR
	show some internal variables.
.HP
\fB --content\fR
	show content of files.
.HP
\fB --md5sum\fR
	show md5sum of files.
.\"
.SH EXAMPLES
.br
.TP
* List names of files that usually should not be identical on cloned systems. 
# grep "^/" /etc/ClusterTools2/cs_list_clone_files
.TP
* Calculate checksums for config files that might not appear on a freshly cloned system.
# cs_list_clone_files -m
.TP
* Count existing config files that might not appear on a freshly cloned system.
# cs_sum_base_config -m 2>/dev/null | grep -v "=.NA$" | wc -l
.\"
.SH EXIT STATUS
.B 0
Successful program execution.
.br
.B >0 
Usage, syntax or execution errors.
.\"
.SH FILES
.TP
/usr/sbin/cs_list_clone_files
	the program itself.
.TP
/etc/ClusterTools2/cs_list_clone_files
	the configuration.
.\"
.SH BUGS
Lines starting with a hash (#) are silently dropped when displaying the content of files.
.br
Feedback is welcome, please mail to feedback@suse.com
.\"
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBmd5sum\fP(1), \fBvirt-clone\fP(1), \fBmachine-id\fP(5),
\fBsystemd-machine-id-setup\fP(1), \fBdbus-uuidgen\fP(1), 
\fBclone-master-clean-up\fP(1),
\fBcs_sum_base_config\fP(8), \fBClusterTools2\fP(7),
.br
https://wiki.microfocus.com/index.php/SUSE_Manager/Register_Clones ,
.br
https://www.novell.com/support/kb/doc.php?id=7012170 ,
.br
https://www.novell.com/support/kb/doc.php?id=7017994 ,
.br
https://kb.vmware.com/selfservice/microsites/search.do?language=en_US&cmd=displayKC&externalId=1541
.\"
.SH COPYRIGHT
(c) 2016-2019 L.Pinne, Germany.
.br
cs_list_clone_files comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY.
.br
For details see the GNU General Public License at
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html
.\"
