.TH cs_make_sbd_devices 8 "01 Nov 2019" "" "ClusterTools2"
.\"
.SH NAME
cs_make_sbd_devices \- initialise SBD devices 
.\"
.SH SYNOPSIS
.P
.B cs_make_sbd_devices \fIOPTION\fR
.P
.B cs_make_sbd_devices --init \fR[\fI<SBD_OPTS>\fR [\fI<SBD_CONF>\fR]]
.\"
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBcs_make_sbd_devices\fP initialises SBD devices defined in the SBD config file.
The first sectors of the devices will be overwritten. This script is simply a
wrapper for the sbd command.
.br
For information on timings please see stonith_sbd(7), sbd(8), and multipath.conf(5).
.\"
.SH OPTIONS
.HP
\fB --dump\fR
	show content of SBD devices.
.HP
\fB --help\fR
	show help.
.HP
\fB --version\fR
	show version.
.HP
\fB --init\fR
	initialise SBD devices.
.HP
\fB --clear\fR
	clear local node's slot on SBD devices.
.\"
.SH EXAMPLES
.br
.TP
* Initialise devices as defined in the default SBD config file, using built-in default options.
.br
# cs_make_sbd_devices --init
.TP
* Initialise devices with specific options, take other settings from SBD config file. 
.br
# cs_make_sbd_devices --init "-1 30 -3 2 -4 130" /etc/sysconfig/sbd
.TP
* Show content of SBD devices.
.br
# cs_make_sbd_devices --dump
.TP
* Write a clear messages to the local node's slot on SBD devices.
.br
# cs_make_sbd_devices -c
.\"
.SH EXIT STATUS
.B 0
Successful program execution.
.br
.B >0 
Usage, syntax or execution errors.
.\"
.SH FILES
.TP
/usr/sbin/cs_make_sbd_devices
	the program itself.
.TP
/etc/ClusterTools2/cs_make_sbd_devices
	the program's configuration.
.TP
/etc/sysconfig/sbd
	the SBD configuration.
.\"
.SH BUGS
Feedback is welcome, please mail to feedback@suse.com
.\"
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBstonith_sbd\fP(7), \fBsbd\fP(8), \fBstonith\fP(8), \fBcs_show_sbd_devices\fP(8), \fBcs_clear_sbd_devices\fP(8),
\fBClusterTools2\fP(7),  \fBdasdfmt\fP(7), \fBmultipath.conf\fP(5),
.br
https://www.suse.com/documentation/sle_ha/book_sleha/data/sec_ha_storage_protect
_fencing.html ,
https://www.suse.com/support/kb/doc.php?id=7016305
.\"
.\"
.SH COPYRIGHT
(c) 2011-2019 L.Pinne, Germany.
.br
cs_make_sbd_devices comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY.
.br
For details see the GNU General Public License at
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html
.\"
