.TH cs_prepare_esxvm 8 "01 Nov 2019" "" "ClusterTools2"
.\"
.SH NAME
cs_prepare_esxvm \- prepare or check guest OS settings in ESX VMs 
.\"
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B cs_prepare_esxvm
\fIOPTION\fR
.br
.\" 
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBcs_prepare_esxvm\fP applies configuration settings in order to optimise a
(SUSE) Linux operating system as guest inside an ESX VM.   
Settings and checks are done according to the best practices described in
several SUSE TIDs and VMware knowlegde base articles.
.\"
.SH OPTIONS
Global options are:
.HP
\fB --help\fR
	show help.
.HP
\fB --version\fR
	show version.
.HP
\fB --save\fR
	save current settings, call first of all.
.HP
\fB --list\fR
	list current settings (only partly implemented yet).
.HP
\fB --preview\fR
	preview recommended settings.
.HP
\fB --apply\fR
	apply recommended settings, call only once.
.\"
.SH EXIT STATUS
.B 0
Successful program execution.
.br
.B >0 
Usage, syntax or execution errors.
.\"
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
# cs_prepare_esxvm --help 
show help.
.TP
# cs_prepare_esxvm --save
save current settings.
.TP
# cs_prepare_esxvm --preview
show most of the settings that would be applied.
.\"
.SH FILES
.TP
/usr/sbin/cs_prepare_esxvm
	the program itself.
.TP
/etc/ClusterTools2/cs_prepare_esxvm
	the configuration file.
.TP
/var/adm/backup/cs_prepare_esxvm-yyyymmdd-hhmmss.tgz
	the backup archive.
.\"
.SH BUGS
This script could apply changes only once on each VM.
The preview does not show all changes.
The preview needs all activated software repositories online.
.br
Feedback is welcome, please mail to feedback@suse.com
.\"
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBsupportconfig\fP(8), \fBcs_sum_base_config\fP(8), \fBcs_show_error_patterns\fP(8),
\fBcs_show_supportconfig\fP(8), \fBcs_precheck_for_hana\fP(8), \fBClusterTools2\fP(7),
.br
https://www.suse.com/support/kb/doc.php?id=7008544 ,
.br
https://www.suse.com/support/kb/doc.php?id=7008844 ,
.br
https://www.suse.com/support/kb/doc.php?id=7015964 ,
.br
https://www.suse.com/support/kb/doc.php?id=7015086 ,
.br
https://www.suse.com/support/kb/doc.php?id=7016096 ,
.br
https://www.suse.com/support/kb/doc.php?id=3858673 ,
.br
http://kb.vmware.com/selfservice/microsites/search.do?language=en_US&cmd=displayKC&externalId=1006427 ,
.br
http://kb.vmware.com/kb/1006427 , 
.br
http://www.vmware.com/resources/techresources/1039 ,
.br
http://www.vmware.com/resources/techresources/10220 ,
.br
http://kb.vmware.com/selfservice/microsites/search.do?cmd=displayKC&externalId=340 ,
.br
http://kb.vmware.com/selfservice/microsites/search.do?language=en_US&cmd=displayKC&externalId=1003497 ,
.br
http://scn.sap.com/docs/DOC-60470
.\"
.SH COPYRIGHT
(c) 2014-2019 L.Pinne, Germany.
.br
cs_prepare_esxvm comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY.
.br
For details see the GNU General Public License at
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html
.\"
