.TH cs_show_hana_autofailover_patterns 8 "20 Feb 2019" "" "ClusterTools2"
.\"
.SH NAME
cs_show_hana_autofailover_patterns \- search log files for known patterns
.\"
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B cs_show_hana_autofailover_patterns \fI[OPTION]\fR
.br
.B cs_show_hana_autofailover_patterns \fI[OPTION]\fR
.\"
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBcs_show_hana_autofailover_patterns\fP searches log files for known error patterns. Timestamp and shortcut for patterns are printed. Matches are collapsed per second.
The script can search in live logfiles as well as in supportconfig logs.
.br
.\"
.SH OPTIONS
.HP
\fB --help\fR
	show help.
.HP
\fB --version\fR
	show version.
.br
TODO
.\"
.SH EXIT STATUS
.B 0
Successful program execution.
.br
.B >0 
Usage, syntax or execution errors.
.\"
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
# cs_show_hana_autofailover_patterns --hba 2019-02-19
search for HBA related patterns on 2019-02-19.
Use default HBA type and messages log files in current directory.
.\"
.SH FILES
.TP
/usr/sbin/cs_show_hana_autofailover_patterns
	the program itself.
.TP
$PWD/messages
	the default logfile.
.\"
.SH BUGS
Feedback is welcome, please use the project page at
.br
https://build.opensuse.org/package/show?package=ClusterTools2&project=home%3Afmherschel
.\"
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBgrep\fP(1), \fBmultipathd\fP(8), \fBsg_persist\fP(8), \fBmount\fP(8),
\fBsbd\fP(8), \fBsyslog\fP(8)
.\"
.SH COPYRIGHT
(c) 2019 L.Pinne, Germany.
.br
cs_show_hana_autofailover_patterns comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY.
.br
For details see the GNU General Public License at
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html
.\"
