.TH cs_sum_base_config 8 "01 Nov 2019" "" "ClusterTools2"
.\"
.SH NAME
cs_sum_base_config \- calculate checksums for common configuration and system
parameters 
.\"
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B cs_sum_base_config \fI[OPTION]\fR
.\"
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBcs_sum_base_config\fP calculates MD5 checksums for common configuration
and system parameters.
By default mostly files and parameters are checked, that are expected to be 
identical on all nodes of one cluster. The output can be used to find
differences between two or more cluster nodes.
Or it can be stored and re-used later to check for changes.
Please call this script as root.
.br
.\"
.SH OPTIONS
.HP
\fB --help\fR
	show help.
.HP
\fB --version\fR
	show version.
.HP
\fB --writecfg\fR
	show some internal variables.
.HP
\fB --files\fR
	checksum base config files only.
.HP
\fB --calls\fR
	checksum base calls only.
.HP
\fB --apps\fR
	checksum applications config files and calls only.
.HP
\fB --might\fR
	checksum files than might not be cloned.
.\"
.SH EXAMPLES
.br
.TP
* Write checksums for common base config files of an node to a file. 
.br
# cs_sum_base_config -f >$HOSTNAME.txt
.TP
* Find differences between nodep and nodeq. Check base config files as well as common base system parameters and applications configuration. 
# cs_sum_base_config >nodep.txt
.br
# cs_sum_base_config -a >>nodep.txt
.br
# ssh root@nodeq cs_sum_base_config >nodeq.txt
.br
# ssh root@nodeq "cs_sum_base_config -a" >>nodeq.txt
.br
# diff node[pq].txt
.br
.P
* Do not checksum whole file, but only non-comment lines.
.br
Edit configuration.
.br
# vi /etc/ClusterTools2/cs_sum_base_config
.br
Remove file name from CONF_FILES, e.g.
.br
:dd /etc/sysctl.conf
.br
Add script to CONF_CALLS, e.g.
.br
:i
.br
\'/usr/bin/grep -v "^#" /etc/sysctl.conf\'
.br
:wq
.br
# cs_sum_base_config | grep "/etc/sysctl.conf"
.\"
.SH EXIT STATUS
.B 0
Successful program execution.
.br
.B >0 
Usage, syntax or execution errors.
.\"
.SH FILES
.TP
/usr/sbin/cs_sum_base_config
	the program itself.
.TP
/etc/ClusterTools2/cs_sum_base_config
	the configuration.
.\"
.SH BUGS
The number of files is limited to the maximum number of arguments for a shell
loop. Single quotes "'" are not allowed in calls.
Time is read from hwclock, but not compared to system time.
Some files are checked for later re-use, e.g. initiatorname.iscsi.
This leads to few fals-positives when comparing two nodes.
.br
Feedback is welcome, please mail to feedback@suse.com
.\"
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBmd5sum\fP(1), \fBClusterTools2\fP(7), \fBcs_list_clone_files\fP(8),
\fBaideinit\fP(8), \fBtripwire\fP(8)
.\"
.SH COPYRIGHT
(c) 2011-2019 L.Pinne, Germany.
.br
cs_sum_base_config comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY.
.br
For details see the GNU General Public License at
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html
.\"
