.TH cs_show_supportconfig 8 "01 Nov 2019" "" "ClusterTools2"
.\"
.SH NAME
cs_show_supportconfig \- collect information from supportconfig files
.\"
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B cs_show_supportconfig \fIOPTION\fR
.br
.B cs_show_supportconfig --generic \fIDIR\fR
.br
.B cs_show_supportconfig --function \fIDIR\fR \fIFUNC\fR ...
.\"
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBcs_show_supportconfig\fP collects information from supportconfig files.
This version should work for supportconfig files from SLES12 and more or less SLES15.
The supportconfig archive has to be extracted. 
.PP
Note: This script does not try to replace the experienced user by artificial
intelligence. It just is aimed to help users focussing on the more interesting 
pieces of supportconfig archives.
.br
.\"
.SH OPTIONS
.HP
\fB --help\fR
        show help.
.HP
\fB --version\fR
        show version.
.HP
\fB --listfunc\fR
        show available functions.
.HP
\fB --generic\fR
        show info from all generic functions.
.HP
\fB --function\fR
        show info from selected function.
.\"
.SH EXIT STATUS
.B 0
Successful program execution.
.br
.B >0 
Usage, syntax or execution errors.
.\"
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
# tar --no-same-owner -xjf nts_node0_111010_1101.tbz
extract a supportconfig archive as youself.
.TP
# cs_show_supportconfig -g nts_node0_111010_1101
show generic infos for extracted supportconfig archive nts_node0_111010_1101.
.TP
# cs_show_supportconfig -f nts_node0_111010_1101 chk_overview chk_veritas
show overview info, than search for Veritas Cluster Services.
.TP
# cs_show_supportconfig -f nts_node0_111010_1101 chk_sap chk_saphana
search for SAP HANA related information.
.TP
# cs_show_supportconfig -f nts_node0_111010_1101 chk_powervm chk_numa chk_sysconf chk_network chk_storage chk_timeres
search for infos relevant inside an LPAR on PowerVM.
.\"
.SH FILES
.TP
/usr/sbin/cs_show_supportconfig
	the program itself.
.TP
/etc/ClusterTools2/cs_show_supportconfig
	the main configuration.
.TP
/etc/ClusterTools2/cs_show_error_patterns
	the default error patterns.
.TP
/etc/ClusterTools2/cs_prepare_esxvm
	the VMware related default patterns.
.\"
.SH BUGS
The error summary depends on supportconfig's messages.txt file which contains
only a short trunc of the real messages file. To fix this, supportconfig could
be called with the -I <line_count> option.
.br
Some information from SLES12 is still not evaluated.
.br
Feedback is welcome, please mail to feedback@suse.com
.\"
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBsupportconfig\fP(8), \fBtar\fP(1),
\fBcs_show_error_patterns\fP(8), \fBcs_show_cluster_patterns\fP(8), \fBcs_show_cluster_transition\fP(8),
\fBcs_prepare_esxvm\fP(8), \fBcs_precheck_for_hana\fP(8), \fBcs_show_memory\fP(8),
\fBcs_sum_base_config\fP(8),
\fBClusterTools2\fP(7), \fBha_related_suse_tids\fP(7),
http://support.novell.com/advisor/ , https://build.opensuse.org/project/show/Novell:NTS:SCA
.\"
.SH COPYRIGHT
(c) 2011-2019 I.Manyugin, L.Pinne; Germany.
.br
cs_show_supportconfig comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY.
.br
For details see the GNU General Public License at
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html
.\"
