.TH cs_add_watchdog_to_initrd 8 "18 Feb 2015" "" "ClusterTools2"
.\"
.SH NAME
cs_add_watchdog_to_initrd \- add kernel module to initrd 
.\"
.SH SYNOPSIS
.P
.B cs_add_watchdog_to_initrd \fIOPTION\fR
.P
.B cs_add_watchdog_to_initrd --create \fR[\fI<MODULE>\fR]
.\"
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBcs_add_watchdog_to_initrd\fP adds one kernel module to the sysconfig kernel
section and to the default initrd. The successfully added module is also loaded
into the running kernel.
.br
.\"
.SH OPTIONS
.HP
\fB --help\fR
	show help.
.HP
\fB --version\fR
	show version.
.HP
\fB --show\fR
	show available and used watchdog modules.
.HP
\fB --create\fR
	create new initrd.
.\"
.SH EXAMPLES
.br
.TP
* Add watchdog to sysconfig kernel section and build new initrd, use built-in default.
.br
# cs_add_watchdog_to_initrd -c
.TP
* Add hpwdt.ko watchdog module to sysconfig kernel section and build new initrd.
.br
# cs_add_watchdog_to_initrd --create hpwdt
.\"
.SH EXIT STATUS
.B 0
Successful program execution.
.br
.B >0 
Usage, syntax or execution errors.
.\"
.SH FILES
.TP
/usr/sbin/cs_add_watchdog_to_initrd
	the program itself.
.TP
/etc/sysconfig/kernel
	the sysconfig kernel section.
.TP
/lib/modules/.../kernel/drivers/watchdog/
	the kernel's watchdog modules.
.TP
/dev/watchdog
	the watchdog device file (if a module is loaded).
.\"
.SH BUGS
Feedback is welcome, please use the project page at
This script does not work inside Xen para-virtualised virtual machines. 
.br
https://build.opensuse.org/package/show?package=ClusterTools2&project=home%3Afmherschel
.\"
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBmkinitrd\fP(8), \fBmodinfo\fP(8), \fBSuSEconfig\fP(8), \fBsbd\fP(7),
\fBsbd\fP(8), \fBcs_disable_other_watchdog\fP(8), \fBClusterTools2\fP(7),
/usr/src/linux/Documentation/watchdog/watchdog-api.txt ,
http://www.clusterlabs.org/doc/crm_fencing.html ,
http://code.metager.de/source/xref/linux/stable/drivers/s390/char/vmwatchdog.c 
.\"
.SH COPYRIGHT
(c) 2011-2015 L.Pinne, Germany.
.br
cs_add_watchdog_to_initrd comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY.
.br
For details see the GNU General Public License at
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html
.\"
