.TH cs_delcib 8 "17 Mar 2014" "" "ClusterTools2"
.\"
.SH NAME
cs_delcib \- remove cluster information base from cluster node
.\"
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B cs_delcib \fIOPTION\fR
.\"
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBcs_delcib\fP cleans up a pacemaker HA cluster node. 
It removes the cluster information base, the policy engine logs, the ring status and core files
that a cluser node has generated during its operation.
Only the basic cluster configuration in /etc will be left.
To entirely remove a configuration from a cluster, cs_delcib has to be called on each node.
.br
Calling this command will shut down the cluster service and all resources on the node.
It also will remove the complete cluster resource configuration and cluster history on that node.
.\"
.SH OPTIONS
.HP
\fB --offline\fR
	remove CIB and PE logs.
.HP
\fB --force\fR
	stop cluster service and resources, remove CIB and PE logs.
.HP
\fB --help\fR
	show help.
.HP
\fB --version\fR
	show version.
.\"
.SH EXIT STATUS
.B 0
Successful program execution.
.br
.B >0 
Usage, syntax or execution errors.
.\"
.SH FILES
.TP
/usr/sbin/cs_delcib
	the program itself.
.TP
/etc/ClusterTools2/cs_delcib
	the configuration.
.TP
/var/lib/corosync/, /var/lib/heartbeat/cores/, /var/lib/heartbeat/crm/, /var/lib/pacemaker/cib/, /var/lib/pengine/
	the directories to be cleaned up, SP2 and SP3 differ.
.TP
/var/adm/backup/
	the directory to backup the cib.xml.
.\"
.SH BUGS
Feedback is welcome, please use the project page at
.br
https://build.opensuse.org/package/show?package=ClusterTools2&project=home%3Afmherschel
.\"
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBhb_report\fP(8), \fBmake_hb_backup\fP(8)
.\"
.\"
.SH COPYRIGHT
(c) 2011-2014 L.Pinne, Germany.
.br
cs_delcib comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY.
.br
For details see the GNU General Public License at
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html
.\"
