.TH cs_disable_other_watchdog 8 "18 Feb 2015" "" "ClusterTools2"
.\"
.SH NAME
cs_disable_other_watchdog \- disable other watchdog and reboot-daemons 
.\"
.SH SYNOPSIS
.P
.B cs_disable_other_watchdog \fR[\fIOPTION\fR] 
.\"
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBcs_disable_other_watchdog\fP 
stops reboot-daemon, disables service, removes watchdog module from running kernel. Writes watchdog to modprobe blacklist.
.br
.\"
.SH OPTIONS
.HP
\fB --help\fR
	show help.
.HP
\fB --version\fR
	show version.
.HP
\fB --list\fR
	list module blacklist and initrd line.
.HP
\fB --stop\fR
	disable other restart method.
.\"
.SH EXAMPLES
.br
.TP
* cs_disable watchdog and stop reboot-daemon.
.br
# cs_disable_other_watchdog --stop
.\"
.SH EXIT STATUS
.B 0
Successful program execution.
.br
.B >0 
Usage, syntax or execution errors.
.\"
.SH FILES
.TP
/usr/sbin/cs_disable_other_watchdog
	the program itself.
.TP
/etc/ClusterTools2/cs_disable_other_watchdog
	the configuration file.
.TP
/etc/modprobe.d/ClusterTools2
	the module blacklist.
.TP
/etc/sysconfig/kernel
	the sysconfig kernel section.
.TP
/lib/modules/.../kernel/drivers/watchdog/
	the kernel's watchdog modules.
.TP
/dev/watchdog
        the watchdog device file (if a module is loaded).
.\"
.SH BUGS
Currently only HP ASR daemon and few watchdogs are handled. 
Feedback is welcome, please use the project page at
.br
https://build.opensuse.org/package/show?package=ClusterTools2&project=home%3Afmherschel
.\"
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBmkinitrd\fP(8), \fBmodinfo\fP(8), \fBSuSEconfig\fP(8), \fBsbd\fP(7),
\fBcs_add_watchdog_to_initrd\fR(8), \fBClusterTools2\fP(7),
/usr/src/linux/Documentation/watchdog/watchdog-api.txt
.\"
.SH COPYRIGHT
(c) 2011-2015 L.Pinne, Germany.
.br
cs_disable_other_watchdog comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY.
.br
For details see the GNU General Public License at
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html
.\"
