.TH cs_man2pdf 8 "10 Feb 2016" "" "ClusterTools2"
.\"
.SH NAME
cs_man2pdf \- create PDF file from manual page
.\"
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B cs_man2pdf --help \fP|\fB --version
.br
.B cs_man2pdf --dir \fI<directory>\fR
.br
.B cs_man2pdf --rpm \fI<installed_RPM>\fR
.br
.B cs_man2pdf \fI<man_page> <section>\fR
.br
.\"
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBcs_man2pdf\fP creates a PDF file from an manual page.
.br
Basically the command "man -Tps ... | ps2pdf - >..." is used.
The resulting PDFs could be read with any PDF viewer on eBook devices,
smartphones, or gaming consoles. 
.br
.\"
.SH OPTIONS
.HP
\fB --help\fR
        show help.
.HP
\fB --version\fR
        show version.
.HP
\fB --dir \fI<directory>\fR
        convert man pages from directory.
.HP
\fB --rpm \fI<rpm>\fR
        convert man pages from installed RPM.
.\"
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
* create PDF for manual page stonith_sbd(7) and write the output into a file in the current working directory.
.br
# cs_man2pdf stonith_sbd 7
.TP
* create PDF files for manual pages of OCF resource agents.
.br
# apropos ocf_ | awk '$2~/7/ {print $1,"7"}' |\\
.br
  while read; do cs_man2pdf $REPLY; done
.TP
* create PDF files for manual pages from directory ./mankind/.
.br
# cs_man2pdf -d ./mankind/
.TP
* create PDF files for manual pages from installed RPM ClusterTools2.
.br
# cs_man2pdf -r ClusterTools2 
.\"
.\"
.SH EXIT STATUS
.B 0
Successful program execution.
.br
.B >0 
Usage, syntax or execution errors.
.\"
.SH FILES
.TP
/usr/sbin/cs_man2pdf
	the program itself.
.TP
$PWD/<man_page>.<n>.pdf
	the output file.
.\"
.SH BUGS
This script can only handle manual pages with up to two dots in the filename.
Manual pages with double colons currently are not handled. I am sorry for Perl.
When using --directory, a .gz suffix will make it to the PDF's filename.
Feedback is welcome, please use the project page at
.br
https://build.opensuse.org/package/show?package=ClusterTools2&project=home%3Afmherschel
.\"
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBman\fP(1), \fBapropos\fP(1), \fBwhatis\fP(1), \fBmandb\fP(8), \fBps2pdf\fP(1)
.\"
.SH COPYRIGHT
(c) 2016-2017 L.Pinne, Germany.
.br
cs_man2pdf comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY.
.br
For details see the GNU General Public License at
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html
.\"
