.TH cs_precheck_for_sap 8 "18 Dec 2012" "" "ClusterTools2"
.\"
.SH NAME
cs_precheck_for_sap \- check system for SAP HA cluster pre-requisites
.\"
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B cs_precheck_for_sap 
\fIOPTION\fR \fIPARAMETER\fR
.br
.B cs_precheck_for_sap
\fIOPTION\fR
.br
.B wow sc
\fIOPTION\fR [\fIPARAMETER\fR]
.\"
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBcs_precheck_for_sap\fP checks if a Linux system is prepared to become a
pacemaker based high-availability cluster for SAP instances.
The check is done according to the concepts described in the technical guide
\fIBest Practices for Running SAP NetWeaver on SUSE Linux Enterprise Server with High Availability (Simple Stack)\fR . 
This concepts cover SAP application servers as well as central instances or
database instances.

A check could be done on one of two levels:

- Generic check of system basics. The script will look for
generic pre-requisites that are needed to setup an HA cluster for SAP.
This includes software packages, runlevel services, and other
conditions that are common to all pacemaker clusters for any SAP instance or
cluster installation.

- Detailed check for conditions that have to be met to run a 
specific SAP instance with defined cluster resources. This includes a complete
storage stack, STONITH devices, and more.

All nodes of a cluster should be checked.
.\"
.SH OPTIONS
Global options are:
.HP
\fB --help\fR
	Help information.
.HP
\fB --version\fR
	Version information.
.HP
\fB --generic\fR
	Generic check of system basics. Works without wow cluster configuration file.
.HP
\fB --cluster\fR
	Detailed check of cluster pre-requisites, according to wow cluster configuration file.
This option needs a file name as parameter.
.HP
\fB --all\fR
	All checks. Includes --generic and --cluster.
This option needs a file name as parameter.
.\"
.SH EXIT STATUS
.B 0
Successful program execution.
.br
.B >0 
Usage, syntax or execution errors.
.\"
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
# cs_precheck_for_sap --help 
show help.
.TP
# cs_precheck_for_sap --generic
check for basic pre-requisites that are needed to set up an HA cluster for SAP.
.TP
# cs_precheck_for_sap --cluster wowconfig
check for specific pre-requistes that are needed to set up an HA cluster for a certain SAP instance.
Read information about the needed resources from file wowconfig. 
.TP
# cs_precheck_for_sap --all sap_C11.wow >precheck-sap_C11-$HOST
check for allmost all pre-requistes that are needed to set up an HA cluster for SAP instance C11. 
Read information about the needed resources from file sap_C11.wow . Write output into file precheck-sap_C11-<hostname>. 
.\"
.SH FILES
.TP
/usr/sbin/cs_precheck_for_sap
	the program itself.
.TP
/etc/ClusterTools2/cs_precheck_for_sap
	the configuration file.
.TP
/usr/lib/wow/
	cs_precheck_for_sap components.
.TP
/usr/share/doc/packages/wow/samples/sap_sample_C11.wow
	wow config sample file. 
.\"
.SH BUGS
Feedback is welcome, please use the project page at
.br
https://build.opensuse.org/package/show?package=ClusterTools2&project=home%3Afmherschel
.\"
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBwow\fP(8), \fBhb_report\fP(8), \fBsupportconfig\fP(8), 
\fBcs_sum_base_config\fP(8), \fBcs_show_error_patterns\fP(8),
\fBcs_show_supportconfig\fP(8), \fBClusterTools2\fP(7)
.br
https://www.suse.com/products/sles-for-sap/resource-library/sap-best-practices.html
.br
http://hg.clusterlabs.org/pacemaker/stable-1.0/file/tip/cts/cluster_test
.\"
.SH AUTHORS
F.Herschel, L.Pinne
.\"
.SH COPYRIGHT
(c) 2009-2013 SUSE Linux GmbH, Germany.
.br
cs_precheck_for_sap comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY.
.br
For details see the GNU General Public License at
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html
.\"
