.TH cs_precheck_for_hana 8 "01 Mar 2015" "" "ClusterTools2"
.\"
.SH NAME
cs_precheck_for_hana \- check pre-requisites for SAP HANA System Replication and automation with SLE-HA cluster
.\"
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.B cs_precheck_for_hana
[\fIOPTION\fR]
.br
.\"
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBcs_precheck_for_hana\fP checks if a Linux system is prepared for running
SAP HANA in general. It also checks pre-requisites for SAP HANA System Replication automation with a SLE-HA cluster.
The check is done according to the concept described in the setup guide
\fISAP HANA System Replication on SLES for SAP Applications\fR . 
.\"
.\" A check could be done on one of two areas:
.\" TODO
.br
All nodes of a cluster should be checked. The output of \fBcs_precheck_for_hana\fP
could be re-directed into a file. Output files from different hosts might be
compared to ensure all nodes of a cluster are set up identically. This is
helpful particularly in scale-out scenarios.
.\"
.SH OPTIONS
Global options are:
.HP
\fB --help\fR
	show help information.
.HP
\fB --version\fR
	show version.
.HP
\fB --base\fR
	show basic OS configuration, related to SAP HANA and its System Replication.
.HP
\fB --apps\fR
	show basic HANA application configuration, and more specific related OS settings.
.\"
.SH EXIT STATUS
.B 0
Successful program execution.
.br
.B >0 
Usage, syntax or execution errors.
.\"
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
* Show help.
# cs_precheck_for_hana -h
.TP
* Check for basic OS pre-requisites needed to install SAP HANA. Items needed to setup automation for System Replication are also checked.
# cs_precheck_for_hana -b
.TP
* Find differences between nodep and nodeq.
# cs_precheck_for_hana -b >nodeq.precheck.txt 2>/dev/null
.br
# ssh root@nodep "cs_precheck_for_hana -b 2>/dev/null" >nodep.precheck.txt
.br
# diff --suppress-common-lines nodeq.precheck.txt nodep.precheck.txt
.\"
.SH FILES
.TP
/usr/sbin/cs_precheck_for_hana
	the program itself.
.TP
/etc/ClusterTools2/cs_precheck_for_hana, /etc/ClusterTools2/cs_show_supportconfig
	the configuration files.
.\"
.SH BUGS
Formatting and content of this script's output will be changing, since this
script is under development.
Checks specific to the HANA application are currently not implemented.
Feedback is welcome, please use the project page at
.br
https://build.opensuse.org/package/show?package=ClusterTools2&project=home%3Afmherschel
.\"
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBhb_report\fP(8), \fBsupportconfig\fP(8), \fBcs_sum_hana_config\fP(8),
\fBcs_sum_base_config\fP(8), \fBcs_show_error_patterns\fP(8),
\fBcs_show_supportconfig\fP(8), \fBcs_show_initrd\fP(8), \fBClusterTools2\fP(7),
.br
https://www.suse.com/promo/saphana-replication.html ,
.br
http://help.sap.com/hana/sap_hana_technical_operations_manual_en.pdf ,
.br
http://help.sap.com/hana_platform ,
.br
http://help.sap.com/hana/SAP_HANA_Installation_Guide_en.pdf ,
.br
http://help.sap.com/hana/SAP_HANA_Master_Guide_en.pdf
.\"
.\"
.SH COPYRIGHT
(c) 2015 L.Pinne, Germany.
.br
cs_precheck_for_hana comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY.
.br
For details see the GNU General Public License at
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html
.\"
