.TH cs_prepare_wowfile 8 "21 July 2011" "" "ClusterTools2"
.\"
.SH NAME
cs_prepare_wowfile \- prepare wow configuration from running resources 
.\"
.SH SYNOPSIS
.P
.B cs_prepare_wowfile --sap \fI<SID> \fR[\fI<SVC_LABEL>\fR]
.P
.B cs_prepare_wowfile --ora \fI<SID> <SVC_LABEL> \fR[\fI<VG> \fR[\fI<RAID_CFG>\fR]]
.P
.B cs_prepare_wowfile \fIOPTION\fR
.\"
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBcs_prepare_wowfile\fP generates a wow configuration file from running resources.
.br
.\"
.SH OPTIONS
.HP
\fB --help\fR
	show help.
.HP
\fB --version\fR
	show version.
.HP
\fB --ora\fR
	guess wow configuration for Oracle instance simple-stack.
.HP
\fB --sap\fR
	guess wow configuration for SAP system simple-stack.
.\"
.SH FILE SYNTAX
.\"
.SH EXAMPLES
.br
.TP
* Guess resources for running Oracle SID orca with service label willy.
.br
# cs_prepare_wowfile --ora orca willy vg01
.TP
* Guess resources for running instances of SAP system C11. Write to separate files to edit them later.
.br
# for i in C11as C11ci C11db ; do prepare_wowfile --sap C11 $i >C11_$i.wow; done
.br
.\"
.SH EXIT STATUS
.B 0
Successful program execution.
.br
.B >0 
Usage, syntax or execution errors.
.\"
.SH FILES
.TP
/usr/sbin/cs_prepare_wowfile
	the program itself.
.TP
/etc/ClusterTools2/cs_prepare_wowfile
	the program's configuration.
.\"
.SH BUGS
Only specific filesystem layout and naming schema supported for now.
Feedback is welcome, please use the project page at
.br
https://build.opensuse.org/package/show?package=ClusterTools2&project=home%3Afmherschel
.\"
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBwow\fP(8), \fBClusterTools2\fP(7)
.\"
.SH COPYRIGHT
(c) 2011 L.Pinne, Germany.
.br
cs_prepare_wowfile comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY.
.br
For details see the GNU General Public License at
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html
.\"
