.TH cs_show_supportconfig 8 "25 Mar 2014" "" "ClusterTools2"
.\"
.SH NAME
cs_show_supportconfig \- collect information from supportconfig files
.\"
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B cs_show_supportconfig \fIOPTION\fR
.br
.B cs_show_supportconfig --generic \fIDIR\fR
.br
.B cs_show_supportconfig --function \fIDIR\fR \fIFUNC\fR ...
.\"
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBcs_show_supportconfig\fP collects information from supportconfig files.
This version should work for supportconfig files from SLES11. 
The supportconfig archive has to be extracted. 
.br
.\"
.SH OPTIONS
.HP
\fB --help\fR
        show help.
.HP
\fB --version\fR
        show version.
.HP
\fB --listfunc\fR
        show available functions.
.HP
\fB --generic\fR
        show info from all generic functions.
.HP
\fB --function\fR
        show info from selected function.
.\"
.SH EXIT STATUS
.B 0
Successful program execution.
.br
.B >0 
Usage, syntax or execution errors.
.\"
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
# cs_show_supportconfig -g nts_node0_111010_1101
show all generic infos for extracted supportconfig archive nts_node0_111010_1101
.TP
# cs_show_supportconfig -f nts_node0_111010_1101 chk_overview chk_veritas
show overview info, than search for Veritas Cluster Services
.TP
# cs_show_supportconfig -f nts_node0_111010_1101 chk_sap chk_saphana
search for SAP HANA related informations
.\"
.SH FILES
.TP
/usr/sbin/cs_show_supportconfig
	the program itself.
.TP
/etc/ClusterTools2/cs_show_supportconfig
	the main configuration.
.TP
/etc/ClusterTools2/cs_show_error_patterns
	the default error patterns.
.TP
/etc/ClusterTools2/cs_prepare_esxvm
	the VMware related default patterns.
.\"
.SH BUGS
The error summary depends on supportconfig's messages.txt file which contains
only a short trunc of the real messages file. To fix this, suppotconfig could
be called with the -I <line_count> option.
Feedback is welcome, please use the project page at
.br
https://build.opensuse.org/package/show?package=ClusterTools2&project=home%3Afmherschel
.\"
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBsupportconfig\fP(8), \fBcs_show_error_patterns\fP(8), \fBcs_show_cluster_patterns\fP(8), \fBcs_show_cluster_transition\fP(8),
\fBcs_prepare_esxvm\fP(8), \fBcs_precheck_for_sap\fP(8), \fBcs_precheck_for_hana\fP(8), \fBcs_sum_base_config\fP(8), \fBcs_sum_hana_config\fP(8), 
\fBClusterTools2\fP(7),
http://support.novell.com/advisor/ , https://build.opensuse.org/project/show/Novell:NTS:SCA
.\"
.SH COPYRIGHT
(c) 2011-2014 L.Pinne, Germany.
.br
cs_show_supportconfig comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY.
.br
For details see the GNU General Public License at
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html
.\"
