.TH cs_sum_hana_config 8 "01 Mar 2015" "" "ClusterTools2"
.\"
.SH NAME
cs_sum_hana_config \- calculate checksums for HANA related system parameters
.\"
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B cs_sum_hana_config \fI[OPTION]\fR
.\"
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBcs_sum_hana_config\fP calculates MD5 checksums for configuration
and system parameters, related to SAP HANA.
By default only files and parameters are checked, that are expected to be 
identical on all nodes of one cluster. The output can be used to find
differences between two or more cluster nodes.
Or it can be stored and re-used later to check for changes.
Please call this script as root.
.br
.\"
.SH OPTIONS
.HP
\fB --help\fR
	show help.
.HP
\fB --version\fR
	show version.
.HP
\fB --base\fR
	checksum basic OS config files and calls only.
.HP
\fB --apps\fR
	checksum basic HANA application config files and calls only.
.\"
.SH EXAMPLES
.br
.TP
* Write checksums for basic OS config files of an node to a file. 
.br
# cs_sum_hana_config -b >$HOSTNAME.txt
.TP
* Find differences between nodep and nodeq. Check basic OS configuration as well as some basic HANA configuration. 
# cs_sum_hana_config -b >nodep.txt
.br
# cs_sum_hana_config -a >>nodep.txt
.br
# ssh root@nodeq "cs_sum_hana_config -b" >nodeq.txt
.br
# ssh root@nodeq "cs_sum_hana_config -a" >>nodeq.txt
.br
# diff node[pq].txt
.\"
.SH EXIT STATUS
.B 0
Successful program execution.
.br
.B >0 
Usage, syntax or execution errors.
.\"
.SH FILES
.TP
/usr/sbin/cs_sum_hana_config
	the program itself.
.TP
/etc/ClusterTools2/cs_sum_hana_config
	the configuration.
.\"
.SH BUGS
The number of files is limited to the maximum number of arguments for a shell
loop. Single quotes "'" are not allowed in calls.
Feedback is welcome, please use the project page at
.br
https://build.opensuse.org/package/show?package=ClusterTools2&project=home%3Afmherschel
.\"
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBmd5sum\fP(1), \fBClusterTools2\fP(7), \fBaideinit\fP(8), \fBtripwire\fP(8),
\fBcs_sum_base_config\fP(8), \fBcs_precheck_for_hana\fP(8),
.\"
.\"
.SH COPYRIGHT
(c) 2015 L.Pinne, Germany.
.br
cs_sum_hana_config comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY.
.br
For details see the GNU General Public License at
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html
.\"
