.TH cs_show_memory 8 "03 Aug 2016" "" "ClusterTools2"
.\"
.SH NAME
cs_show_memory \- show memory configuration and utilisation
.\"
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.B cs_show_memory
[\fIOPTION\fR]
.br
.\"
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBcs_show_memory\fP shows information on memory configuration and utilisation.
.\"
.SH OPTIONS
Global options are:
.HP
\fB --help\fR
	show help.
.HP
\fB --version\fR
	show version.
.HP
\fB --writecfg\fR
	show some internal variables.
.HP
\fB --all\fR
	show memory configuration and utilisation.
.HP
\fB --logs\fR
	show memory related log messages.
.HP
\fB --configured\fR
	show memory configuration.
.HP
\fB --utilised\fR
	show memory utilisation.
.\"
.SH EXIT STATUS
.B 0
Successful program execution.
.br
.B >0 
Usage, syntax or execution errors.
.\"
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
* Show help.
# cs_show_memory -h
.TP
* Show infos on memory configuration.
# cs_show_memory -c
.SH FILES
.TP
/usr/sbin/cs_show_memory
        the program itself.
.TP
/proc/meminfo
	basic infos on memory utilisation.
.TP
/proc/cgroups
	basic infos on cgroups settings.
.TP
/sys/devices/system/node/*/numastat
	basic infos on NUMA nodes.
.TP
/var/log/messages
	basic system log.
.\"
.SH BUGS
Formatting and content of this script's output will change, since this
script is under development.
Feedback is welcome, please use the project page at
.br
https://build.opensuse.org/package/show?package=ClusterTools2&project=home%3Afmh
erschel
.\"
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBfree\fP(1), \fBnumastat\fP(8), \fBsysctl\fP(8), \fBcs_show_supportconfig\fP(8),
\fBcs_precheck_for_hana\fP(8), \fBcs_prepare_esxvm\fP(8), \fBmeminfolog\fP(8),
/usr/src/linux/Documentation/sysctl/vm.txt ,
/usr/src/linux/Documentation/sysctl/kernel.txt ,
/usr/src/linux/Documentation/sysctl/net.txt
.\" TODO TIDs
.\"
.SH COPYRIGHT
(c) 2016 L.Pinne, Germany.
.br
cs_show_memory comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY.
.br
For details see the GNU General Public License at
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html
.\"
