.TH cs_show_elevenmin 8 "18 Mar 2013" "" "ClusterTools2"
.\"
.SH NAME
cs_show_elevenmin \- show if kernel is within eleven minutes mode
.\"
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B cs_show_elevenmin \fI[OPTION]\fR
.br
.\"
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBcs_show_elevenmin\fP shows if kernel is within eleven minutes mode.
.br
If yes, boot.clock will not write the system time into the hardware clock on shutdown. boot.clock will not write into the hardware clock at all, if a Xen- or s390x-kernel is running. On some other platforms the hardware clock will be controlled from outside as well. This is the case in VMs on VMware and KVM, as well as on certain blade centers. 
.br
The used check function is taken from boot.clock.
.br
.\"
.SH OPTIONS
.HP
\fB --help\fR
        show help.
.HP
\fB --version\fR
        show version.
.\"
.SH EXIT STATUS
.B 0
Successful program execution.
.br
.B >0 
Usage, syntax or execution errors.
.\"
.SH FILES
.TP
/usr/sbin/cs_show_elevenmin
	the program itself.
.TP
/etc/sysconfig/clock
	the time and clock related configuration.
.TP
/etc/adjtime
	the configuration for time correction at system boot.
.\"
.SH BUGS
Feedback is welcome, please use the project page at
.br
https://build.opensuse.org/package/show?package=ClusterTools2&project=home%3Afmherschel
.\"
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBdate\fP(1), \fBhwclock\fP(8), \fBadjtimex\fP(8), \fBntp.conf\fP(5), \fBntpd\fP(8), \fBtime\fP(7) \fBClusterTools2\fP(7)
.\"
.SH COPYRIGHT
(c) 2013 L.Pinne, Germany.
.br
cs_show_elevenmin comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY.
.br
For details see the GNU General Public License at
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html
.\"
