.TH cs_show_initrd 8 "12 Feb 2014" "" "ClusterTools2"
.\"
.SH NAME
cs_show_initrd \- show and compare content of initrd 
.\"
.SH SYNOPSIS
.P
.B cs_show_initrd \fIOPTION\fR
.\"
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBcs_show_initrd\fP could be used to show the content of the current initrd.
It also could be used to check the initrd for modules against the sysconfig kernel
section, or to compare config files against the etc directory.
.br
.\"
.SH OPTIONS
.HP
\fB --help\fR
	show help.
.HP
\fB --version\fR
	show version.
.HP
\fB --all\fR
	list all files on initrd.
.HP
\fB --etc\fR
	list initrd etc files.
.HP
\fB --modules\fR
	list initrd modules.
.HP
\fB --compare\fR
	compare initrd modules with /etc/sysconfig/kernel.
.\"
.SH EXAMPLES
.br
.TP
* Compare initrd modules with /etc/sysconfig/kernel.
.br
# cs_show_initrd -c
.TP
* List all files on initrd.
.br
# cs_show_initrd --all
.\"
.SH EXIT STATUS
.B 0
Successful program execution.
.br
.B >0 
Usage, syntax or execution errors.
.\"
.SH FILES
.TP
/usr/sbin/cs_show_initrd
	the program itself.
.TP
/etc/sysconfig/kernel
	the sysconfig kernel section.
.TP
/lib/modules/.../
	the kernel modules.
.TP
/boot/initrd , /boot/initrd-xen
	links to current initrds.
.\"
.SH BUGS
Feedback is welcome, please use the project page at
.br
https://build.opensuse.org/package/show?package=ClusterTools2&project=home%3Afmherschel
.\"
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBmkinitrd\fP(8), \fBcs_add_watchdog_to_initrd\fP(8), \fBcpio\fP(8),
\fBcs_disable_other_watchdog\fP(8), \fBClusterTools2\fP(7)
.\"
.SH COPYRIGHT
(c) 2014 L.Pinne, Germany.
.br
cs_show_initrd comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY.
.br
For details see the GNU General Public License at
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html
.\"
