.TH cs_show_cluster_transition 8 "03 Aug 2014" "" "ClusterTools2"
.\"
.SH NAME
cs_show_cluster_transition \- search log files for cluster transition patterns
.\"
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B cs_show_cluster_transition \fI[OPTION]\fR
.\"
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBcs_show_cluster_transition\fP searches log files for crmd cluster transition
patterns. Please note that crmd writes to log on the DC node only.

All cluster state transitions are triggered by an event. Any change of the
cluster state is an event. The cluster also generates events on a regular base,
f.e. every 900 seconds. Normal state of the cluster is IDLE.

Currrently known states are:
.br
 S_IDLE
.br
 S_POLICY_ENGINE
.br
 S_TRANSITION_ENGINE
.br
 S_STARTING
.br
 S_PENDING
.br
 S_ELECTION
.br
 S_INTEGRATION
.br
 S_FINALIZE_JOIN
.br
 S_NOT_DC
.\"
.SH OPTIONS
.HP
\fB --help\fR
	show help.
.HP
\fB --version\fR
	show version.
.\" .HP
.\" \fB --zip\fR
.\"	show transitions compressed logs, too. This could take some time.
.HP
\fB --error\fR
	show crmd errors.
.\"
.SH EXIT STATUS
.B 0
Successful program execution.
.br
.B >0 
Usage, syntax or execution errors.
.\"
.SH EXAMPLES
.HP
# cs_show_cluster_transition
.HP
# cs_show_cluster_transition | grep -e "DC" -e "o.*line"
.\"
.SH FILES
.TP
/usr/sbin/cs_show_cluster_transition
	the program itself.
.TP
/etc/ClusterTools2/cs_show_cluster_transition
	the configuration.
.TP
/etc/corosync/corosync.conf
	the corosync configuration, maybe defining log file. 
.TP
/etc/products.d/
	the directory with product identification files.
.TP
/var/log/messages
	the default log file.
.\"
.SH BUGS
Currently SLES11 SP1 and SP2 are handled.
For SLES11 SP3 only a sub-set of patterns is shown, because fields differ.
Feedback is welcome, please use the project page at
.br
https://build.opensuse.org/package/show?package=ClusterTools2&project=home%3Afmherschel
.\"
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBcs_show_error_patterns\fP(8), \fBcs_show_cluster_patterns\fP(8),
\fBptest\fP(8), \fBcrm_attribute\fP(8), \fBcrm_simulate\fP(8),
\fBgrep\fP(1), \fBsyslog\fP(8), \fBlogrotate\fP(8), \fBClusterTools2\fP(7),
.br
http://www.clusterlabs.org/man/
.\"
.\"
.SH COPYRIGHT
(c) 2011-2014 L.Pinne, Germany.
.br
cs_show_cluster_transition comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY.
.br
For details see the GNU General Public License at
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html
.\"
