.TH make_hb_backup 8 "10 Oct 2010" "" "ClusterTools2"
.\"
.SH NAME
make_hb_backup \- make backup of pacemaker cluster configuration
.\"
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B make_hb_backup 
\fIOPTION\fR \fIPARAMETER\fR
.br
.B make_hb_backup 
\fIOPTION\fR
.br
.B wow bk
\fIOPTION\fR [\fIPARAMETER\fR] 
.\"
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBmake_hb_backup\fP collects cluster configuration and log files from one or
multiple nodes of an pacemaker cluster. Resource agents (OCF and LSB) are
backed up as well.
Cluster configuration from all nodes of a cluster could be backed up within one
run. Collected files are stored in one tar archive.
.\"
.SH OPTIONS
Global options are:
.HP
\fB --help\fR
	Help information.
.HP
\fB --version\fR
	Version information.
.HP
\fB --hosts\fR
	Collect data on given nodes of an pacemaker cluster. ssh login to this nodes is needed.
.HP
\fB --autodetect\fR
	Collect data on all active nodes of an pacemaker cluster. ssh login to this nodes is needed.
.\"
.SH EXIT STATUS
.B 0
Successful program execution.
.br
.B >0 
Usage, syntax or execution errors.
.\"
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
# make_hb_backup --help 
show help.
.TP
# make_hb_backup --hosts "edir01 edir02 edir03"
collect data on three given nodes of an pacemaker cluster.
.TP
# make_hb_backup --autodetect 
collect data on all active nodes of an pacemaker cluster.
.\"
.SH FILES
.TP
/usr/sbin/make_hb_backup
	the program itself.
.TP
/usr/lib/wow/
	make_hb_backup components.
.TP
/root/suse/
	working directory. Arbitrary files in this directory are backed up
together with the collected data.
.TP
/etc/ha.d/
	basic cluster configuration.
.TP
/var/lib/heartbeat/, /var/lib/corosync/, /var/lib/pengine/
	cluster configuration, current cluster state, and transition logs.
.TP
/clusterconf/
	configuration of cluster-controlled multipath devices.
.\"
.SH BUGS
Feedback is welcome, please use the project page at
.br
https://build.opensuse.org/package/show?package=ClusterTools2&project=home%3Afmherschel
.\"
.SH SEE ALSO

\fBwow\fP(8), \fBwhbsaprecheck\fP(8), \fBsupportconfig\fP(1), \fBsam\fP(1),
\fBsar\fP(1), \fBhb_report\fP(8)
.\"
.SH AUTHOR
Fabian Herschel
.\"
.SH COPYRIGHT
(c) 2007-2010 Fabian Herschel, Germany. 
.br
make_hb_backup comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY.
.br
For details see the GNU General Public License at
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html
.\"
