.TH wow 8 "10 Jan 2012" "" "ClusterTools2"
.\"
.SH NAME
wow \- configure pacemaker high-availability cluster
.\"
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B wow
.br
.\"
.B wow
\fIOPTIONS\fR \fIPARAMETER\fR
.\"
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBwow\fP helps you to create linux-ha system resources.
The main option to be called is wow cc (wow config change).
The wow package countains some agents (which are used to figure out
config values) and crm-templates (which are used to create the crm-
snipsets to be inserted into the cluster).

The program is a frontend to a set of tool.
Currently the tools are mainly used to setup high-availability
clusters for following workloads:

- SAP application servers, SAP central instances, SAP database servers

- XEN virtual machine hosts

- Novell eDirectory servers

- Novell ZENworks Linux Management servers

- NFS file servers

- Apache web servers, LAMP servers

- MySQL, PostgreSQL, Oracle database servers

In addition wow could backup cluster configuration from all nodes of a cluster
within one run. It also could check if a Linux system is prepared to become a pacemaker based high-availability cluster for SAP instances.

If wow is called without options, it starts an interactive menu.
.\"
.SH OPTIONS
Global options are:
.HP
\fB wcall\fR
	apply wow script on wow file to generate crm configuraten file.
.HP
\fB wburn\fR
	use crm config file to generate pacemaker shadow CIB.
.HP
\fB wcomm\fR
	commit shadow CIB into runnning cluster.
.HP
\fB bk\fR
	make backup of pacemaker cluster configuration.
.HP
\fB cc\fR
	make cluster configuration change. Different general cluster behaviour could be choosen by setting a path to a certain wow agents directory.  
.HP
\fB sc\fR
	cluster check for SAP pre-requisites, call precheck_for_sap. The check is done according to the concepts described in the technical guide \fIBest Practices for Running SAP NetWeaver on SUSE Linux Enterprise Server with High Availability (Simple Stack)\fR .
.\"
.SH EXIT STATUS
.B 0
Successful program execution.
.br
.B >0 
Usage, syntax or execution errors.
.\"
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
# wow --help
show help.
.TP
# wow cc --config edir01.wow 01-A-07-group_add_ndsd
add configuration for a resource of type Novell eDirectory to the cluster. 
Use configuration agent 01-A-07-group_add_ndsd.
Read information about the resource from file edir01.wow .
.TP
# wow sc --all sap_C11.wow >precheck-sap_C11-$HOST
check for allmost all pre-requistes that are needed to set up an HA cluster for SAP instance C11. 
Read information about the needed resources from file sap_C11.wow . Write output into file precheck-sap_C11-<hostname>.
.TP
# wow bk --autodetect
.TP
# wow wcall sap-simplestack C11.wow
read C11.wow and generate crm configuration for SAP system C11, including storage stack, database and SAP instances. Output is written to C11.wow.sap-simplestack.cli .
.TP
# export wowcli=/usr/share/ClusterTools2/cli/on-fail-block
# wow wcall sap-simplestack C11.wow
use configuration templates from directory on-fail-block .
Read C11.wow and generate crm configuration for SAP system C11.
Output is written to C11.wow.sap-simplestack.cli .
.TP
# wow wburn C11.wow.sap-simplestack.cli
read C11.wow.sap-simplestack.cli an generate shadow CIB called wow.
.TP
# wow wcomm
commit shadow CIB wow to running cluster.
.\"
.SH FILES
.TP
/usr/sbin/wow
	the program itself.
.TP
/usr/lib/wow/
	wow components in general.
.TP
/usr/lib/wow/agents/
        wow configuration agents for pacemaker.
.TP
/usr/share/wow/xml/
        wow configuration templates for pacemaker.
.TP
/usr/share/doc/packages/wow/samples/
	wow config file samples.
.\"
.SH BUGS
Feedback is welcome, please use the project page at
.br
https://build.opensuse.org/package/show?package=ClusterTools2&project=home%3Afmherschel
.\"
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBcs_precheck_for_sap\fP(8), \fBwhbcc\fP(8), \fBmake_hb_backup\fP(8), \fBcs_prepare_wowfile\fP(8), \fBcrm\fP(8).
.br
http://www.novell.com/partners/sap/novell_sap_partnership.html
.\"
.SH AUTHORS
Fabian Herschel
.\"
.SH COPYRIGHT
(c) 2009-2011 Fabian Herschel, Germany.
.br
wow comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY.
.br
For details see the GNU General Public License at
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html
.\"
